I've been here about 4 times now. I love this place. The name has changed, they've been serving alcohol for a while now, there's a new location in Glendale (I need to go), and the menu has expanded but isn't quite represented online yet. Even the physical menus can be different. The one I had had a few more items on it than my friends'. The horchata is still the best I've ever had. The margaritas are so freaking good.

I tried the marlin taco that wasn't there last time I visited. I love trying things I've never had before. Marlin is an odd fish. Their preparation makes it look and taste almost like pork. It's just... different. Still good though!

My friend got the veggie burro. She said it was pretty tasty, but a little on the bland side. We agreed that it can be hard to make vegetarian food flavorful at times. She liked the salsa bar because she could add a different flavor between bites.

They get slammed on weekends. I was here at 7pm on a Friday. They need more than 2 people serving and clearing on weekends. When every table is packed there's almost no room to move. Getting to the salsa bar can be pretty awkward.. WOW I was a little skeptical coming here being so close to the club but this restaurant has provided excellent customer service for more family orientated outings ! The food is to die for especially if you're having a craving for some Mexican. The desert is beautifully crafted by Chef Paco who even made a friendly introduction :) Outstanding service !!. This is truly dinner AND a movie... Movies in Uptown are back! Studio Movie Grill (SMG) is a great addition to Uptown. 

For those of you who visited Mez, SMG has a similar set up. One of the changes is the addition of a swing out table at each seat.  Think of it as a cooler version of those classroom flip tables - only it's attached to a plush movie recliner rather than a hard plastic seat that's too small for your bottom. The reason for the swing out table?  Well, you get to eat at your seat... but don't worry about balancing a meal while trying to find a seat, you can order at your seat too. Each seat has a little red button that you press when you're ready to order. The food is pretty good too - definitely better than your standard nachos.  I had the sun-dried tomato and arugula pizza and my husband had the cheese quesadilla with fries.  

The food came out pretty quickly and the servers were pretty attentive. One thing I did notice was that it's not pitch black when the movie is playing - I did appreciate this as I wanted to see what I was eating. But this may annoy some hard core movie lovers who want complete darkness and no outside distractions interrupting their movie. 

But I enjoyed my first time there - we'll definitely be back!. Was staying at the hotel and started craving beef... Again! We hadn't already been to Benihana so I decided to try out TJs since they gave me a coupon. I arrived and they had a prime rob special going on and it was DELISH!!! I drank a glass of wine and relaxed for a while. Nice romantic classy feel and good to get away from the mayhem that Vegas has to offer.. We've been here twice and both times have been great!  The chef's aren't usually Japanese, but they do a great job none the less.  The food is wonderful and despite the strip mall exterior, the inside is nice.  It's way better than Benihana in my opinion.. The Staff at this particular location is extraordinary! LOVE LOVE LOVE the people. Lots of personalities and smiles.. I took my Aussie in to get her groomed and Margo's did a fabulous job! I kept hearing how great this place was and my friends recommended it to me so I decided to give it a shot. I was beyond pleased with how professional the ladies here were. The girl that was going to do the grooming came out and played with my dog and got her comfortable before taking her back. She was great with my dog which made it less stressful on the dog as this was her first pet spa visit! Highly recommended, you'll be satisfied with the service here. Their prices are very reasonable too which is always nice.. We were in Vegas for a conference and after dinner were looking for something to do.  For our first night, we didn't feel like venturing too far and since we were staying at the Rio, VooDoo seemed the perfect choice.  Granted, we came here on a Tuesday and probably early for Vegas standards (10ish), so there wasn't a line to get in and we were charged $10 each.  We ordered drinks from the first bar we saw inside, and two witchdoctors for four people was plenty to get us started after our drinks with dinner.   The witchdoctor drinks were good, just really sweet and pretty much just a hodgepodge of different flavors of rum with a lime in it.  After those, we just stuck to our "plain" drinks of vodka sodas, rum and coke, etc.  

Outside, the DJ was already playing and since no one was having bottle service yet, we were able to sit at the bottle service tables giving us an even better view for a couple of hours.  The music was great; it was a mix of old and new, rock, pop and rap so there was something for everyone. 

The view was just amazing!  We were here when the skies were clear and there was a full moon making the view that much better.  

I'm not sure I would go out of my way to visit VooDoo since it is off the strip, but if I'm already at the Rio, I don't see why I wouldn't visit it again.. Waited almost 2 hours for this meal. Worth every minute. My girlfriend & I ordered the combo pan roast. We were NOT disappointed it was delicious. Best meal I've had in Las Vegas so far. Will come here again, they're opened 24 hours. Recommended!!!!. I can't believe no one has reviewed this salon!! This is my go to nail salon now, a lady from work had nice nails so I asked where she got hers done and she referred me to this this place and told me to make sure Christina does my nails, I'm so glad I listened, Christina does an amazing job and is so nice and friendly, I love that she remembers everyone by name, makes you feel like a person, not just any ol' person. Nails are very durable, my nails lasted forever even after all the hard work  I do with my hands on a daily basis. This place isn't too close to my house but definitely worth the drive. I'll try and post a pic of my nails (pink and white acrylic full set with gel top coat, $45) they look great and I always get compliments on my nails.. Mon Amis always been one of my favorites every time I visit the strip. Located inside of Paris, the outdoor seating in the heart of the city is one of the best in terms of setting and ambiance. The one thing I do love about Mon Ami is the flexibility with the menu. Most places refuse to serve breakfast items after a particular time but this restaurant always accommodates my requests and the service is typically on point. The waiters are not overly enthusiastic, but they are friendly and quick which, I believe, are better qualities to portray in food hospitality. On this particular visit I ordered: 

Warm triple cream cheese: with mushrooms, black garlic and sherry reduction. Be warned this item is garlicky, but it is delicious. If you love mushrooms and garlic this is a must try. The toasted bread with the gooey cream cheese and garlicky sautéed mushrooms are  an amazing flavor combo. 

Shrimp cocktail: jumbo shrimp served with cocktail sauce and lemon. The shrimp is very fresh and the simplicity of the dish speaks for itself. 

Maine lobster roll: served on a toasted brioche roll with house chips on the side. The lobster is fresh and mixed with a creamy mayonnaise. This is one of the heavier items on the menu; if you do not like mayo, you may want to skip out on this one. The chips are also a bit bland, but can be subbed out for house fries, which are delicious. 

Custom crepe: I wanted to order a sweet crepe and the waiter suggested a fresh banana and strawberry crepe with whipped cream. I opted for this dish and added a side of Nutella (chocolate hazelnut spread) to my crepe. The crepe was served on its own with the toppings served on the side. The fruit was fresh and the cream was whipped in house. The portion is also very large and can easily be shared between two people. 

All in all, I recommend Mon Ami if you enjoy French cuisine and a great view. Although I cannot vouch for every food item on the menu, but there are several items that I always eat when I am here. There is typically a wait to sit outside, even on the weekdays, but well worth it!. I had been to one of the Scottsdale locations before but this was my first time at the Norterra location. We chose to stop in because of thie summer special they are running... A pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine for $20. I just had a pepperoni pizza and caesar salad but I have had the caesar salad pizza before and it is also really good. The ordering process at Sauce is similar to Pei Wei which makes for a casual environment but a great dinner before a movie. We are glad that they opened up this location.. Gabriel was great and our food was great. It is the same as every other Islands Restaurant, so there isn't much to review on. We always go to the Islands and we always enjoy it. The drinks were good.. Always great to get my hair done by the best Conny Wissenback!! Would not go anywhere else totally worth the drive for me.. EXPENSIVE! Goodness, be prepared to empty your bank account as you walk in. Really good pastries though so I'll give them that. 

My order consisted of the lobster tail, a chocolate mousse cake, and a cupcake. I worked on the lobster tail from Saturday night and finally finished it when I got back home Wednesday morning. Not something to be eaten in one sitting, at least I couldn't do it. The chocolate cake was pretty good even though I had to toss out the strawberries by the time I got to it. Sadly, I've yet to eat the cupcake.

4 items cost roughly $10 each so don't be shocked. Its something to try at least once, that's for sure.. The brunch spot! If you've never been..I suggest to try this place out asap! I wish they had one here in LA. Their most popular dish is the sage chicken & waffles..a definite must try. They opened a few other HHAGG restaurants but this place has no wait! So if you don't like waiting 45min-1hr..sometimes 2 hr..this one is located inside The Plaza Hotel in Fremont. Good service, place is clean and bomb food.. I primarily buy my meats and poultry at Whole foods, they have great snacks, mineral water and everything else you could be looking for. Main reason you'll see me there? The rdy food area, the rainbow kale salad, curry chicken, everything is delicious and rdy to eat. I will head here if we are out and about and want to grab lunch or dinner. I have found that at this particular location, the food isn't quite up to par with what I am used to. My curry chicken had some grizzle in it and my salad was over lemoned. I keep hoping I just hit off days. As for the customer service? They are always on point, a smile and a courteous demeanor goes a long way with me, all in all this whole food rocks. I hope they step their game up in the food area.. Jardin Nelson is a beautiful restaurant in the heart of Old Montreal. We stopped in on a very hot, very busy holiday weekend during the Montreal Jazz Festival. My advice--don't be impatient and sit inside or in the front. Wait in line (it moves fast) for a table on the back terrace, where mammoth hanging planters filled with gorgeous blooms filter the sunlight and offer respite from the heat. The service is fast, friendly, and efficient; the staff definitely knows how to manage a busy scene. And the jazz combo playing softly in the background is a nice touch.

The main menu section features more than a dozen different crepes. I had the Jardin, which is a corn and sesame crepe filled with fresh, seasonal veggies, olives, and goat cheese. Delicious! My husband opted for the French Dip, which was heaped with savory roast beef sandwiched between amazing French bread--crusty on the outside, yet soft and chewy on the inside. The dipping sauce and horseradish sides added great flavor, and the frites were pretty darn good too!

Because we had an hour's drive ahead of us, we couldn't try any of the drink specials, but the pitchers of house-made Sangria passing us every few minutes looked like the ideal remedy for the hot summer weather.. As far as Royal Mile bars go, this one is quite reasonable. It's decor is a little more interesting and out there than the usual pubs in the area, with a modern twist. It stocks a huge range of whiskies, which was our reason for going as my English visitor was determined to try something a little different. The young guy behind the bar spent ages talking over different whiskeys with him (which got very boring for me) and he eventually picked one, and then another and another. The drinks weren't cheap, but being prime tourist area everything is overpriced.. The tacos here are fun and delicious! I kept going back just so I could try them all. Most items are a la carte so be sure you order enough to fill you up. Definitely worth a stop in.. 2013 & Another great year as this festival continues to grow. We especially liked the addition of the "Cooling Zones" that had misting fans and free water in there.   Amazing selection of different brews that we've never heard of.   It was a little hot but the crowd was great.  We'll continue to return every year if we can! Loved the new venue too! So much room & shade! And the fact that he vast majority of the tickets buyers really know & understand craft beer as opposed to to some events where it's just "kids" looking for a fast buzz is a huge plus for me...great knowledgeable crowd with no safety issues. I met so many people that travel from other states for this event & I understand why. Great job, Motley Brews!. My mother received a Williams-Sonoma Le Creuset stock pot in the color OCEAN which is exclusive to this company.  There was a lovely display for this in the Biltmore store, so I purchased it for her in November for her birthday.

In December, my father called from Scottsdale to ask me about the color and the company that produced the Stock Pot. My mom apparently loves it a lot and wanted more pieces.  He drove to Williams and Sonoma in Scottsdale Fashion Square and it was an unproductive trip. The store staff was not familiar with the color, and didn't have anything to offer him - they told him to purchase it online.  

Upon hearing this, I called the Scottsdale and the Biltmore Stores.  The Scottsdale store person had never heard of this color, but he indeed had some pieces in stock. He actually made me to go the website and give him model numbers of things I was hoping to find. It was really crazy.

I called Cindy in the Biltmore Store and she was quick to respond that she knew EXACTLY what the color was, she knew they had a floor display of the color and the pots and various other pieces (frying pans, tea kettle, etc.)  She also agreed to put a few pieces aside on hold for my Dad so he could look at them quickly and easily without any confusion.  My Dad drove down this week and found all the items he wanted to purchase super quickly and he said he did not deal with Cindy, but that the experience he had was very good.  He also loved the Biltmore mall and found the parking easy and meandered over to Macy's to get her some Estee Lauder perfume as well.

Thank you Williams-Sonoma!!!  My mother is going to have a great Christmas.  And yes, this is a spoiler, but my parents are not likely to check yelp reviews...but if you run into my Mom, keep this a secret for a couple more days!. Today was the first day that I used pristine cleaning. The ladies  showed up early. My house is quite clean and I was pleasantly surprised. The only drawback I had was that there was a mixup with the address and it was hard for me to get through to get a supervisor .  I look forward to using them again in a few weeks .. This is the place to come for massage! Hands down the best massage I've ever had... And I'm a licensed massage therapist myself! Millie was phenomenal! I've been suffering from some back pain the last few weeks and the last massage I had made things worse. An inexperienced newbie to the massage world worked on me last week and really fired up those back muscles! Millie did wonders! She stretched out my glutes and the muscles surrounding my sacrum (using laymen's terms) that have been pulling causing the pain... And voila no more pain! May have to revisit before I make the long drive back to Texas!. A very trendy and cool place to come with friends or with a date. 

Pros: amazing selection of oysters. We love oysters and I'll honestly say these are extremely high quality and tasty. We tried all of the oysters that were available. I'll definitely try the crab claws and shrimp from the raw bar next visit. 

Coffee and pistachio gelato were great. 

Good selection of cocktails, wines, and bubbles. We have the Vouvrey brut and it was pretty good. 

Ambience is great - awesome decor and interior and lighting. I personally like the fact that it is very dark inside - gives it more of a mysterious and romantic vibe. 

Cons: the main dishes we tried were good but not great. We had the Brussels sprouts (pretty good with the goat cheese dip), the trout which was so-so, the crab cakes were ok (not worth the price), and the scallops were a little bit too charred so the burnt flavor took over. 

Inside is very loud, especially toward the bar, so you have to speak loudly to hear anyone in your group. I am not a fan of this, but what can you expect when the restaurant is packed?

Overall a good place and we will definitely return for the raw bar items which were amazing.. i give this hotel 4 stars because i got it for $35 on a thurs night on hotels.com.  i was meeting one of my bests but she was staying at the palazzo, so this was a close enough hotel to walk aimlessly through the casino floor w/out steppin out in the heat.

bring your sequin/bedazzled shirts, bermuda shorts w/ white calf socks and deck shoes if you wanna fit in.. This is an upscale salon and you get what you pay for. I always leave with my hair done right!!!. Very Happy, Ben answered the call - we discuss the issue with my 60" LG TV - he offered a few possible issues and transparent about the cost of each outcome.  He came out the next day, found the problem in about 5 mins. Returned the next day with the new part and now we are good as new!  
Fast, Friendly, Trustworthy. this is a very good and authentic cantonese seafood restaurant in las vegas.  no reservations are taken and it can get extremely crowded during weekend dinner hour.  

some must trys include the yang chow fried rice, beef satay, fried tofu stuffed with ground meat and salt and pepper ribs.  they also throw in a nice soup for free to start with all orders, consisting of a clear broth and a few chunks of pork and winter melon.  

service is curt, prices are reasonable.  the parking lot is an adventure.. I like coming to this buffet at the tail-end of Sunday brunch, right when dinner options are about to come out.  Why?  Because I can still capitalize on the mimosas, get my eggs benedict and bacon, and STILL get my dinner options.  It's a win-win, really.  The overall dessert bar is better here than at the Wynn, but they don't have a gelato bar (fail).. There's a man who comes there every night for dinner and tells customers that if they don't like the food he'll pay for it. He hasn't had to pay for someone else food in 17 years!

Great food, generous portions, friendly people.. OMG!  Yummy stuff! Best 
Froyo I have had in years!  Brand new, clean and fun! The creaminess of this frozen yogurt really caught me off guard!  I planned to just sit and wait while my daughter and hubs ate.  Gotta tell ya, that lasted all of one bite!  I was hooked!  This little spot is, well, spotless!  You could probably eat off the floor it's so nice looking.

The people were very nice, everything was easy and at 39 cents an ounce, it's not a bad deal either!  Will be back for sure!. Thie is our favorite place to dine in Anthem. The menu has plenty oaf variety, from. Lighter more casual fare to full special dinners. The wine list is really good and not too overpriced. It's our go to restaurant for a nice meal out.. Great house margs, and a very good price. Came in for tacos on a Tuesday (no Taco Tuesday specials but that's totally fine). I enjoyed my food! Ground beef taco, cheese enchilada and pinto beans. It was not memorable to me, but certainly was a very tasty meal at the moment. Great service!. I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist, and the other services I have received have been wonderful. Even when I am there just on my lunch break to pick up a few things, I am always offered something to drink. Products are recommended, but there is no pressure to make any purchases. It's comfortable, clean, and the staff is always on time. Yay for Perry Monge!!. Located on the very interesting Cockburn Street just next to the Royal Mile, this Mexican Restaurant was a pleasant and refreshing surprise. It offers a very good lunch deal offering Sopa del Dia(a type of bean soup) with a main of  Burritos or Chimichanga or Tacos Del Pollo or Enchiladas with a choice of chicken,beef,pork or vegetable fillings all for 5.50pounds! And the portions are very satisfying as well.
Its a very colourful shop, with tall walls covered in mostly Zapatistas photographs. 
In the evenings, the downstairs room is available which is a little more cramped but a little more romantic if you get a window seat.(overlooking New Town). Book before hand for a Saturday night if you are a group. The staff are super friendly too.. Delicious food tucked away by Parc Dante since 1948. The service can be slow when the joint is packed, but I love to see it full of families, and last night full of friends. I loved the rapini and sausage pasta so much I took my leftovers home even though they were kinda debate-ably small for such a request. I've enjoyed the pizzas and antipasto here before and would highly recommend it except I'd love to remain able to get a table, so let me clarify: this won't do for fancy work lunches, or dinner, or fancy anything. And it's clattery loud with laughter and talk, not date night ideal. The TVs seem totally out of place and annoying to me, but then I am not a sports fan, so I see no need to broadcast anything while eating. The patio is romantic by the park... but forget I mentioned it!. If I don't come here for Taco Tuesday, my whole week is shot. The California style  burritos and tacos, the fresh salsas, and the aguas frescas keep me coming back at least once a week. It's delicious, fast, and cheap, with friendly staff who will remember your order if you're a regular, even though the place does a lot of business.. Another great addition to downtown Phoenix.  First, the Westin hotel is absolutely beautiful and the restaurant/bar is no exception.  The indoor and outdoor space is great - relaxing and cool.. My lashes look great! Linda works with precision and detail to make sure your lashes look the way you want them. She is professional and is dedicated to make her clients satisfied, beautiful and happy! 

She also offers mobile massages. If you need to relax and get your lashes done then call her and you will get hooked up!. I usually order a jasmine milk tea with boba but today I decided to add coffee jelly. Holy moly, milk tea bliss.... Just returned from Saigon Palace for my birthday celebration.   Pleasant staff, quick service, clean restaurant, and every morsel of food was soooo goooood.  Started with the steamed dumplings with dipping sauce - really good and tender.  I had #103 Vietnamese Yellow Pancakes - two huge cakes with plenty of shrimp, pork, sprouts and very crunchy, w/ a dif. dipping sauce.  Sampled anothe's Vermicelli-Bun and the meatballs  were no ordinary meatballs,but nicely seasoned, grilled chicken strips with a marinade, and the crispy spring roll was tasty, too.    Each item tasted quite different, nicely seasoned and prepared, and we kept saying:   THIS is REALLY good!  Did a take-out Taro flavored Bubble Tea - really good and fun, not too sweet and makes a  nice dessert.   We shall return!. Precious little eatery. My mom and I shared the breakfast crepe and the bananas foster crepe. FYI... Little window across hall from la creperie they have $5 mimosas and bloody Mary's.. Sunday brunch is BUSY!  We waited 25 mins for a table for 5.  This is the new location.  The place is packed and LOUD inside.  We were seated in the back.  

The table was a little sticky and the laminated menus were wet.  Our server greeted us immediately and took our drink orders.  The menu is simple and short, love it.  But I am with indecisive people.  The server had to come back twice before everyone decided on what to order.  

I ordered the The Crying Pig omelet (Bacon, Sausage & Swiss cheese) and hash browns.  The omelet was a little over done on the edges but perfect in the middle.  The hash browns were good and greasy!  I ordered a 1/2 order of the french toast to share with other person.  The 1/2 piece I got tasted kind of burnt but the part that was not tasted great.  

I am with Michael F. on this place 3 for the food and 4 for the service.  Overall 3.5 stars.. Too bad my friend and I found this place the day before we had to fly back home. And wow, I just loved it! Atmosphere is nice, coffee was good and pastries were amazing! I had to go back the next day before we flew out. I think I tried half of their pastries. Lol. will def go back if I ever get to visit Montreal again.. Had the yard and interior sprayed- outside had a pretty bad roach problem... Day after spraying I noticed a lot of dead bugs- over a month later, and am still seeing dead bugs! I appreciate that the formula is organic, haven't had to deal with any fumes. I'm planning on setting up a regular schedule with this company. Extremely pleased with the results AND the cost (very reasonable).. I rather like the Tesco actually.

Located on Duke Street, and accessible from Leith Walk and Easter Road, it has what you'd call a colourful clientele... but what's life without a bit of variety? It's a good size - not superstore big, but a decent, proper supermarket size, and easily reached by a variety of buses.

It's big enough to have an electricals section, but not big enough to stock clothes. It has everything you need, and being Tesco, a great world foods aisle with massive bags of rice etc. as well as lots of Eastern European foods, and American and Irish products too - just in case you fancy some Taytos or Barry's tea. The American products, whilst pricey, are considerably cheaper than in those American Candy Store type places.

There are hot food, deli and fish counters too if you fancy something a bit fresher and not already packaged, as well as all the usual supermarket fare.

In short, it's a great resource in this part of town and makes a nice change to 'metro' stores!. This is the place to be if you like live reggae music on Saturday nights!  The bands that they have perform are legit.  This past time I went with my girlfriends it was no cover charge and we got these passes for 2 for 1 drinks.  How could you go wrong?  I like the atmosphere here because not only is it good music but the people are really nice, it makes it feel like you are just hanging out with your friends.  I usually stay at the Rio and I never knew about this place.  I will definitely hit this place again when I'm in town.. I'm a little ashamed to admit that I've been here two weekends in a row... but the real zinger is that before my trip to Jarling's two weeks ago, I had never been there. Two whole years in Champaign, custardless - I'm just making up for lost time!

About four blocks west of Memorial stadium, you could definitely walk here from campus. If I would have known about Jarling's my freshman year I would have put on the freshman 50. But seriously. Both times I've been I've gotten snowstorms (think blizzard + custard) and the junior size is more than enough. After having tried the chocolate chip cherry and blueberry cobbler mix-ins, I kind of want to make goal of trying ever flavor (kidding) - both were delish! There are windows and a line for each window, so that's something to keep in mind if you show up and it's super busy! Service is a little slow but snowstorms are definitely made with love. You can't rush a good thing! Everyone I've talked to has been personable and friendly. Outdoor seating is a little close to the road for my liking, but there's a pretty good view of campus and giant picnic tables to hang at while you shovel it in. 

And now I'm craving custard, great.. From here on out this will be my go to spot when i get my Mexican cravings! Lovely atmosphere both indoors and out on the patio. The prices are for sure unbeatable and the quality of food is excellent. I'm talking plates (big plates) starting at 9 bucks. Service was good and they are very accommodating to make your order just the way you want it. Whole list of exotic margaritas also...and i love free shit (especially if its food)so you know the chips and salsa that came out when we sat down put a big smile on this girls face.

Good for family, date night, gossip time with the girls etc..

muy delicioso !. I had been looking for a Cat Groomer for quite a while. Had brought my Himalayan in to Petsmart (4 different locations) and Banfield Pet Hospital (and many others)...groomers came and went and then said they would not do him. My cat gets very stressed and is difficult to Groom. Jason from Aussie came over, picked him up and started petting him under his chin. My cat "Kasper" loved it and he usually hates men! I was very nervous, but Jason did an awesome job and he looks better than anyone else has done in the past! I love him and will be using them again. I am a very happy customer and it was well worth the cost, which was much, much less than what the Vet charged me. My grumpy cat is happy again! :). C'est chic!

I loved this place. Not only for its interior and exterior decorating! The prices are very reasonable and it's not too far from the strip. It's very clean, the staff is very helpful, and the ammenities are great!

Avoid at all costs for these reasons:
1. The DJ starts playing at the pool starting 11am; so if you have a bad hangover, this would inconvenience you. Not a problem for me though, I don't sleep in that late.

2. Valet ONLY. It gets annoying have to tip the guy every time you want to go out and need them to get your car just to go a few blocks out. We were better off just getting a taxi.

WILL DEFINITELY COME BACK!. Holy delicious Mediterranean food-super fresh and delicious.

Everyone at our table of eight was impressed with lunch, and I'd go back in a heartbeat. I got the F-Bomb in a pita, and was a solid choice, but I think I'll do a platter next time.. I came here with expectations high, and I left satisfied, full, and happy. Vin Santo will be seeing me again soon.

I heard of Vin Santo from a friend who told me that if I love pasta, I should try this place out. Even with a reservation, we had to wait around 15 minutes, which was not fun. The wine list here (for the glass) is a tad too limited for my taste, but I did enjoy their house Bellini. The restaurant is very small, and it did feel smaller when we were seated by a large and loud party. However, the interior is very cozy with a warm home feel.

We ordered the mussels for appetizer; delicious, but not blown away. For dinner, we ordered the scampi and campanelli. Absolutely amazing, I was dying with ever bite. Scampi: creamy, savory, perfection. My campanelli was just amazing: the basil and the goat cheese paired too well with all the flavors. 

DISCLAIMER: the bread pudding is the size of a small home. We ordered the pudding and cannolis, and we were shocked by how much pudding they gave us (for only $9). Definitely will order just the pudding next time.

Our experience here was just amazing. My only complaints were that the drinks list is disappointing and our service was spotty (but there was a large party present, and we were not surprised). I cannot wait to come back and try everything!. I've been to McMullan's a few times over the last few years.  
I've never ordered anything other than the shepherd's pie (AMAZING), although I've tasted the Irish Nachos, and the stew (both are great.)

Friday night, I finally tried their fish and chips:  They were delightful.  The breading was perfect.  Not too greasy, and not too much breading either.
They have an all you can eat Fish and Chips night on Thursday night, which I dont think I'll be doing, personally...3 filets were enough for me, but if you have an appetite, definitely do the all you can eat.

Also, I tried a bowl of their creamy potato soup, which was absolutely delicious.  

Atmosphere was lovely, and our server was very nice and attentive. 

Great value for the money.. When visiting Montreal in November 2008, I read a rave review of this restaurant in Fodor's Montreal & Quebec City 2008 guidebook: "Dining at Joe Beef is a little like being invited to a dinner party by a couple of friends who just happen to be top-notch chefs." We were not disappointed!

We made reservations before coming (which is highly recommended since this place fills fast). When we got there, the staff greeted us warmly and explained that the menu was on the chalkboard across the room. Most dishes were in French, so we asked for a translation from our server. She was more than willing to help out, explaining dishes to us with a significant depth of knowledge.

For appetizers: we chose bone marrow (garnished with beef and thinly sliced pickles, served with toasted brioche) and sweetbreads (with a sweet sauce over a bed of rice). Both were fantastic.

For entrees: I ordered the Dover sole and my companion ordered Hot Chicken Joe Beef (a deboned and flattened chicken, cooked in its own juices, served between two pieces of bread). These dishes were unbelievable. They were so good.

We also had dessert, but devoured them so quickly that I was unable to record what they were.

I can't wait to come back. It was fantastic all around, comfortable, friendly, unique, and delicious.. Go there for the poutine. Oh man. Yum.

Me and my sister ordered their poutine (the one with hot dogs and specialty gravy) and then we ordered another! All before we indulged in our burgers. The burgers were good but the poutine is a must. Super delicious and the service was very nice on our stormy winter day!. Evlyn was awesome! Very through and definitely exceeded expectations. She certainly went above and beyond plus had a very kind demeanor. I would hire her back in a second. :). This place is hands down the best Asian food around. My husband and I lived in China for awhile and this is the first and only place in the Burgh that is genuine. Try the Chili Hot Pot with a Tofu if you like spice. Yum! We are now averaging coming here at least once a week.. I can't believe I've failed to review this place! In fact, I'm not sure why I don't go more often. Had a nice lunch today, the burger at medium rare was super juicy and the fries were solid. I had a really nice bloody mary and the $3 price tag was nice. I want to stray away from the burgers and try some sandwiches next time... plus the wall o' draft beers is drool inducing.. As with the other Upwards Project restaurants this is a win.  It may not be authentic Mexican food but it is good.  
The decor is a lot of fun.  The seating is very comfortable.  That was the first thing that was mentioned.  The booths were big and comfortable with plenty of room.  The music is fun and upbeat.  
Now to the food.  The chips and salsa are great and they just keep coming.  We got the nachos which we could have finished with and had a great night.  My mother in law got the vegetarian burrito and said she would love to come back and get some more.  My husband and I got the 3 tacos and they were each very good, not authentic but still good.  My daughter had had the chicken tacos in the past so decided to have the burrito and ate every bite.  If she only kind of likes something she will eat some of it but when she eats the whole thing it means she really likes it.  The orange cucumber sale was a big hit.  The black beans were ok the rice was not so good.  For dessert we had the churros and the banana pudding.  My husband knowing full well that I am allergic explained how delicious the pudding is.  The churros come with a chocolate sauce that has a hint of spice to it.  I have already been there twice and plan on returning.. Came back to try their Calzones. The basic calzone has Ricotta, basil & Mozzarella cheese, I added Spinach & Pepperoni.  It was super nice to enjoy something THIS good.  I always order them everytime we're here because they're mouthwatering.  I can wait the 15-20 minutes for a fresh well made calzone any day of the week.

Basic Calzone starts at $9 and it's a $1 for each filling.. What a lovely little shop! So pleasantly surprised by how nice the servers were. And the chamoyada - oh goodness this is delicious!!! Fruit sorbet (watermelon, guava, custard apple) topped with a sour and spicy chamoy sauce. Slightly tangy, spicy, and sweet. Wonderfully refreshing!. I've been a couple times and Yay! I'm a fan. 

The Pork Spring Rolls are probably the best in this city as they make the pork meat sausage in house and serve with a warm slight peanut-y sauce. Like the famous Vietnamese restaurant in So Cal, Nem Nuong puts in a skinny fried egg roll of sort for added texture to the roll. I like! 

By recommendations from Yuhi and Ardie, we also tried their Shaking Beef. I've had various versions of this dish and again, I think this is the best version in Las Vegas. The beef is tender and the red rice (tomato based flavoring) is tasty. 

All the other dishes (rice noodle bowl, rice plate) we tried were average and good to have again, but we can also get them at other Vietnamese restaurants in town too. 

Yes, I would certainly come back for lunch, dinner, and to pick up for take out! 
FYI: they currently have a Yelp Check-In Offer of 10% off of $30 purchase.. I loved my first visit. Recommended by my bridesmaid who always has the most flashiest nails. Today I came back to this nail salon, and I was 100% satisfied.
The salon was so adorable (very shabby chic) and the staff welcomed me as soon as I walked in. The staff there is friendly, helpful, and polite. You won't feel like the "staff is talking about you behind your back in another language" feeling here, because the ladies who work here speak English.
They have lots of designs you can choose from or you can bring in a picture and they'll do it for you. That's what I did today and I have the cutest cupcake nails ever!
Thank you for my beautiful nails. I love them!!. Such a good find! The atmosphere is great. On the "street" in Paris. The food was superb. Try the tempura shrimp soup with udon noodles. It was phenomenal!. By far the most amazing view of the city. The lounge is perfect for a few romantic evening cocktails. The waitstaff was courteous, the drinks were good, and the ambiance lovely. No food was had, however what we saw looked and smelled quite yummy. 

My only real complaint is the distance from the strip as the hotel is in the older part of town. But if you're going to be staying at The Stratosphere, the trip up the elevator is worth it. While you're there, check out the jump, too.. Lori makes the best bloody Mary's and my husband keeps going back for more.  Everything is great here.  Good food, good atmosphere, and close to my place.  Don't really go out as much as I used to but this place is very low key and the cooks know what they are doing.  I like the fact that it is an older crowd and ordering food to,go is not that big of a hassle.  Everyday there is a a special and on Thursdays it's the best because they can take the corned beef and make you a Reuben.  Good breakfast specials as well and you can either sit at the bar or one of their comfy booths.  It's so good in fact that almost every time I walk in there is either a small crowd or cops on their lunch break enjoying a sandwich.  All in all, great food, good beer, and Lori's bloody Mary's.. All the stylists seemed friendly and I love the look of the salon. I had the best haircut and color than I've had in a long time by stylist Megan. She took the time to listen to what I was looking for and nailed it. Thank you  Megan.. Weird.... unlike your sister company in SF, you do not have grilled artichokes everyday but you have key lime pie everyday!  Complete opposite of SF!. The Peach Stand is absolutely charming! IT carries so many fun things to try.  The donuts are fantastic!  The meats are delicious.  Sure, you can go to farmer markets and get some of the stuff or just go to the chain grocer, but it is kind of adorable to go into this little shop and look around.  It's a great place for families, too.. I had the duck confit, which was nicely sized and delicious and was followed by the even more amazing rabbit. It was cooked well and the meat just fell off the bone. Really good service and excellent wine recommendation, try to Forge Mill red from South Africa. Good space and funky ambience.i hope to go back soon to try dessert.. My husband and I went for dinner one night and found the interior of the restaurant very interesting and different. We set at the bar on a crowed nite in front of a gigantic tropical aquarium filled with live coral moving about with beautiful tropical fish, sea urchins and starfish. Absolutely beautiful and unique. Our server at the bar was David who was very friendly and excellent at his job. Now for the food-I had the lamb burger which was very tasty and had a slice of fried feta on it which was real good. Husband had a cheddar burger which was cooked perfectly with a side of Thai cucumbers that were original and very good.  Overall nice experience and good food.. Cute little gem in Scottsdale. It gets really packed but that's because this place is awesome. It's got a neat decor very upbeat. The waitress said they are going to put in a new ceiling to address the noise issue because it is pretty loud when it's busy. They have a cute patio area that wasn't open yet but I can already tell will be a hit. Food portions are huge so you can probably split a meal or take leftovers.. This place is definitely worth it! The sushi chefs were very nice! I asked him if he had crispy rice, but they didn't :( 
But he made it for me anyways and it was so yummy :) 
Everything there was absolutely stupendous, I would for sure come back again.. I wanted to bring my boyfriend to a nice dinner for his birthday - he of course wanted to go back to Mastro's but I told him we had to try somewhere new. After leaving Joe's the was happy with this choice and that's all I can ask for since it was his birthday and I wanted to make sure it was special. I on the other hand left unsatisfied but it was my own fault because I didn't order what I actually wanted for my entree. We decided to opt out of getting an appetizer because we never finish our entrees and my main plan was to get the stone crab appetizer and scallops as my entree but because we decided on no appetizer I got the medium stone crab as my entree. Every review talks about the stone crab so I figured we couldn't miss out on trying it. They were really good, the meat was sweet but I do recommend only getting them as an appetizer unless you want a cold entree. My boyfriend of course got the filet mignon and lobster and the filet was cooked perfect and as well as the lobster. And luckily he is a generous person and let me take a few bites of his plate since he could tell I wasn't so happy with mine. 
The service was great - once we walked in and gave our names the host right away turned to Cam and wished him a Happy Birthday. We had reservations so we were seated quickly. Drinks were never empty and our table was cleaned before they brought out the birthday cake (that is a huge pet peeve of mine - don't bring out the cake until our table is cleaned off. Nothing like a bunch of dirty empty dishes on the table as we sing happy birthday! Maybe I'm weird but it does bother me.). Very professional; great ambiance. The best pedis in town!. I love this store! I brought my 8 year old niece in for her birthday to make a necklace. I have very basic beading skills (and my niece had none) and the owner, Lydia, was so helpful! She helped us pick out beads and a style that would be easy to make for her to do herself, but came over to the work table and helped with the finishing and clasp. The store carries a really great selection of pretty beads and stones and the staff is always super friendly and helpful!. The best Pho Dac Biet i ever had!
Helpful staffs!
Delicious chicken wings and fried veggie egg roll!!. Was convinced by the awesome bartender John to try the Watermelon Jalapeno Margarita and to my surprise is was delicious however a little overpriced for the size.  Atmosphere was fun even had live music in the bar on a Tuesday night.  Had a bowl of red chili with a side of tortillas and it was excellent.  Would definitely visit again.. Wonderful Cajun cuisine, great live jazz music, and fantastic wine selections. Such a treat for date night!. I think the egg and I have some competition when it comes to breakfast. I love trying brand new restaurants and just having so much anticipation on how the place will turn out. 
Located in the southern highlands neighborhood in the smiths grocery plaza. We had a 15 min wait, pretty packed obviously this was brunch for us, got there at 1pm on a Saturday. Friendly staff and excellent food! Hugh portions, food came in hot. We started with the "bread in a cup" that was so yummy it had a cinnamon roll like texture! I had the steak and eggs chilaquiles, steak was a pretty good size and a perfect medium rare. Chicken and waffles were yummy too! Best piece of chicken I've tasted in awhile. Large piece deep fried crunchy coated chicken breast. This place does breakfast right. I'm assuming this is family owned which is great because they really care about the quality of the food.. Mark is a fantastic trainer. He has a calm, quiet energy that our 2month old lab/australian shepard puppies immediately sensed. Mark came to our house for sessions with our puppies and with us and has made a tremendous difference in our puppies behavior, he also gave us a lot of homework to work on inbetween sessions.

Mark is very flexible with his scheduling, and we will definitely be seeing him for refresher courses (mainly for our consistency). I would highly recommend Mark for any of your training needs, he goes above and beyond.. We switched to DMVH in 2013 from another local vet that I wasn't happy with.  My yorkie never enjoyed going to vet appointments, but that's changed, he now gets excited to go to DMVH.  He instantly liked Dr. Young; she's a wonderful, caring vet.. SWEET BABY JESUS!! ORGASMIC!

So I LOVE tacos and any Mexican food for that matter; they have GREAT food here! The price, quality, and quantity is ace! Everything was seasoned PERFECTLY! I got the muelitas and ordered some carne asada tacos for my son. I went to the salsa bar and was a little hesitant to get salsa (I'm a visual eater and this didnt look yummy) but I got some anyway along with some limes. I went and got my beloved horchata and was in heaven because it was a self serve!! I took one drink and seen cherubs!! It was def love! 

We got home and I salsa and limed up my muelitas and took a bite; I swear the earth stopped for like 5 seconds and I seen angels flying around!! PERFECT! Thank goodness I got the hot salsa because it was delish!!!! The muelita melted in my mouth and I was in love; I couldnt get enough! The carne asada, cheese, and avocado was totally mastered! My sons carne asada tacos were wonderful! We ate all the food up!

The place is pretty large and just a plain seating area. Remember! Youre going for the food, and not the ambiance!! I've been to super pricey restaurants and the food was hella shitty!

Go here NOW! And bring an extra set of panties bc you may very well cream them!!. Great customer service! I was late coming to pick up an online order, and they went ahead and reheated everything for me so it would be warm when I got home. Really made my day.. Have been wanting to try this place for a while.  Last nite was it.  Decor is fab, great start for me.
Danny the bartender took great care us with both service and recommendations.  The grilled calamari is seriously off the charts. The risotto & lamb chops were equally amazing. ..this place does my disappoint...can't wait to go back...bravo Eddie. Hell yeah! 

Ron is the man....he is mega dope n' shit.. Finally, street food in the desert!  

I've lived in Vegas longer than I'd like to admit, and one of my biggest complaints is the lack of Mom & Pop restaurants and street food.  Fortunately, more independent restaurants have been popping up.  I hope this trend creeps into the arena of street delicatessens.  

Although I don't typically eat red meat, I decided to try the Pulled Pork and Pep Pep.  Both were amazing!  The meat was tender and perfectly cooked.  The buns were crisp and all the ingredients were fresh!  

I caught them outside of Stussy near UNLV, but sadly they had to cut out early due to a complaint from Ferraro's restaurant manager.  Who knew a slider truck was competing with a high end Italian restaurant.  

Will definitely be back again.. Went there for a happy hour with my girlfriends and I'm uber impressed. This is a very classy, chic and stylish place. Located in the hip Scottsdale Quarter its decor is very impressive - high ceiling, plush couches, black and white paintings, quotations about champagne and one of the best restrooms i have been to. Since I went for the happy hour , obviously price was not an issue. We ordered rose champagne, bruchetta, waffle fries and chicken drumettes. All the dishes were tasty, especially the bruchetta. I regret not trying the dessert so may go back just for that. Highly recommended for a girls evening out.. Thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay here and was not disappointed from the moment we checked in.  The check-in staff was friendly and helpful and accommodated our request to have adjoining rooms.

The staff in the hallways of the rooms were friendly and always greeted us. The rooms were clean, comfortable and well appointed.

The location on the strip is great particularly for those there mostly for shopping and fine dining. Situated right next to Caesars Palace, shopping mecca is walking distance away!  Plus now the free tram to the City Center located right inside the Bellagio drops you off in the newest shopping center, Crystals. Very convenient.

As always, looking at how the conservatory is decorated is a delight.

If you're looking for comfortable and elegant accommodations along with a convenient location and excellent service, this is a fantastic hotel.. We are big Pad Thai fans and search it out in every city. This is slightly different from what we've had before, the noodles are thin and short. We ordered the 2 in spice and our mouths we're on fire!
But, its great. Just a big, big portion... I suggest you split it. Seriously.
We also had the Tom Kah Soup. It only had mushrooms, chicken, onions and tomatoes. Needed more, and smaller bites. The broth was great, though. 
The staff was very friendly, and took good care of us.. Had a great experience at this restaurant. Very delighted and highly recommend stoping in for the chicken kabob plate. The seasoning they use adds to the yummy taste of the meat. Rice and hummus was good came with pita bread. The decor was nice and comfy.. A friend of mine and her husband and 2 kids went to this restaurant for the first time ever and just LOVED it!  My friend picked a bit from everybody's plate and has this to say:
Chicken tacos - fantastic!
Chicken and rice soup - tasted as good as homemade soup!!!!!
Rice - not too fluffy nor clumpy
Beans - very good (and my friend does NOT like beans)
Everything was covered with delicious white grated cheese.
Note:  very little to no English is spoken at this establishment.. Sigh, leave it to Gordon Ramsay to beat Americans at their own game. Cute girls in tight dresses, cute boys in not so cute tight shirts, and bombass burgers.

There was a long line leading to the restaurant but luckily they had a handy call back system that will text you when your table is ready. 45 minutes later, we were seated.

Almost everyone at our table ordered something different so I was able to try a variety of burgers and sides. 
APPETIZERS: We started off with Maui Onion Rings and Jalapeno Poppers. The Onion Rings were amazeballs and the Poppers were very conveniently separated into 6 shot glasses. 
BURGRS: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Euro Burger, Farm  Burger, Hog Burger and a Fish Sandwich. I specifically remember the Euro and Farm. Both were cooked juicy and perfectly medium. On the Euro, the tangy goat cheese and over roasted tomatoes were delicious. I highly recommend the Farm burger as well, the duck bacon went great with the runny egg yolk. 
My mom's friend raved about her fish sandwich for days.
SIDES: Sweet Potato Fries and Truffle Parmesan Fries. I have never been a fan of sweet potatoes, so naturally, I never liked them in fry form either. These on the other hand, covered in Vanilla Powdered Sugar with Honey Jalapeno Mayo were something I could snack on for days. My brother said that if Gordon Ramsays jizz was made of Honey Jalapeno Mayo, he'd take it to the face.
The Truffle Parmesan Fries were alright. The only thing that stuck out was the Truffle Aioli for dipping.

It's hard to pick places to eat in Vegas because there are great restaurants everywhere you look. I recommend stopping by here, it's worth it.. While on vacation, my vaporizer stopped working.  We took a cab and had him wait, while I brought my vaporizer in.  The lovely woman at the counter tightened up a few things and changed a part, she didn't want to charge me.  I still insisted on paying and was very grateful for her help for the rest of our trip.  I highly recommend.. I'm new in-state, am straight Medicare for insurance (which usually means longer waits for Appts etc.)... That said, I was offered an appt the next week! I couldn't  make it, so they slotted me in for about 3 weeks out. We arranged for my old records to be sent by phone, before my appt, and to get labs done in advance. 
Everything worked like well-tuned clockwork, Dr. Dorvetti was extremely thorough, and I received my reminders by both email and a voicemail message... 
That's all I expected and more... I'll be making the drive from Surprise to Glendale, despite the first two reviewers comments... Still, I value their input and will update you after my next appt.... Finally a quick spot to grab a darn good sandwich and not spend a fortune.  I truly loved this joint in Planet Hollywood.  I actually ate here twice in my long weekend.  

I grabbed a breakfast sandwich and a Full Montague later that day. The bread is divine!!!  The ingredients are all fresh and the service is fast.  I am telling you this is a great find if you need a quick bite.  

I recommend the Breakfast BLT, the Full Montague and they also have some yummy sweets to tempt you.  

I loved it!!! I want them to come to Colorado. I am dreaming of that bread!. We had problems with our heather and our HW referred to Air Pro Masters and they were very professional. They came right away took care of the problem.  Jason the name of the technician told us that we needed a new motor, and it was going to take a week to get it because he needed to order, meanwhile he did something so we didn't have to have heather in this cold weather. In less than a week they called us and informed that they have the part thay they ordered and they wanted to come to install it.  Jason finished the work very professionally and we were very happy with the service.. Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat! The food is always delicious and the beer selection is amazing.. Great place for a good hearty breakfast. Liked their chicken fried steak and their Multigrain pancakes.  Yes it is in the lot of the motorcoach resort.. I have found Leonard Clementi to be very professional in all my business dealings with him. He helped me years ago regarding the refinancing of my home after my husband passed away. Leonard is very knowledgeable regarding Real Estate, Investment Properties, Title Work, Mortgage Loans, Refinancing, Short Sales, etc. I trust him to always give me good advice and to thoroughly answer my questions. Because I will be downsizing and selling my home soon, I have already reached out to Len to help me reach that next goal. I have no doubt that Clementi Real Estate Consultants will list and sell my home which will make my transition that much easier. I would highly recommend Clementi Real Estate Consultants for all your home buying needs.. i've been back to eat dinner and breakfast many times...and, i've never been disappointed...except one time when i ordered the brioche french toast...it was more like a brioche bread pudding...it was just waaaay too sweet...other than that ONE time, i've always been pleased with my dining experiences at bouchon...there is something to be said for consistently good food and service...

i usually eat breakfast at least once at bouchon when i'm in las vegas...last time, my friend i ordered:

coffee...

tea with milk
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=YcXYj3HsiujV-W-lg32YIQ

potato croquettes, eggs, bacon, and toast
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=6inaP277c7Ujr4uLXB1IyQ

corn beef hash with cubed potatoes and eggs....my favorite breakfast item at bouchon...
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=GkcwhVOg868hL67-efVgsA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=OhnLORkH5EhzC8ZN3VoSgQ

i also like their house-made yogurt and granola with currants, and bread basket...can't really go wrong here.... I'm sure I can't add anything that has not been said about this place already.  But given the fact that I love Yelping, I gotta at least try!  

Walking into this establishment, you get the sense that you have walked into a hipster dining experience with the very unique light fixture hanging over the lounge area of the restaurant.  The bar with its clean lines is a somewhat bright and warm modern space that is separated from the main dining room by frosted glass and metal room dividers to the right of the entry way.  You walk in and the hostess stand is  a few steps inside of the door.  That's a good deal because I'm sure there is a line out the door most nights.

 I stopped in here solo one day after the lunch rush.  Yea for me.  I like it when restaurants are quiet at that time of the day.  I had my pick of tables and I chose a table right by the window overlooking the wonderfully appointed and comfortable looking patio.  I asked my server to give me the most popular burger and the spiciest fries.  I had not planned to drink, but she threw out a cockatail (Pom Press) that sound great and I went for that too.

The server told me the Fez burger was the most popular burger and I said, "I'll try it."  She asked me if I wanted to read the ingredients, I said, "I can read them, but I don't care what's on it, I want to try it."  WOW I'm so happy I went with the server.  That was ONE HELLUVA good burger.  You could taste how well the Molasses BBQ sauce and the cilantro go together.  The sweet of the pears and the crisp of the fried onion straws contributed well to the taste of the burger as a whole.  I don't eat much bread, but I had a few bites of the bread.  Next time, I'm getting that burger w/o the bread.  yes, there will be a next time... and another one and another.

I would give them a 5 star review, but I wondered if the burger patty itself is pressed just before it is cooked.  Is it fresh or frozen.  I'm sorry to say, but I wasn't sure.  I meant to as my server, but forgot.  The food coma knocked me out for the count.. Great chipotle location. They make large burritos and are generous with the guacamole. If you plan on driving to this location, be aware there is extremely limited parking in their lot. Lunch time is also extremely busy on weekdays. Waiting in line for about 15 mins before I got to the counter to put in my order.. Houlihan's is probably my favorite restaurant in Station Square for lunch.

The power greens salad with chicken blows my mind!  Its seriously the only time I like kale, and trust me, I've tried all the Pinterest recipies!

They've got an excellent lunch menu.  I haven't been there for dinner so I haven't had any of the entrees.  I do know that the food here is consistently good, and so is the service.  And its QUICK.  

Houlihan's is not the cheapest restaurant for lunch, but it's a go to on pay day when I feel like spending money.  The salad and a drink end up being $17.00.  You also get a really good cookie with your bill.

Also, try the tortilla soup, because it is DELICIOUS.. First of all, YAY to any business that offers a hook-up with a yelp check in! 
This place is electric! Shopping, coffee, beer & wine (which for a fee you can BYOW).
Amy really has the "buy local" concept down to a science. Conveniently located on Selwyn Ave., you can stop in here while enjoying the other shops & restaurants in the area. 
Having a small, intimate meeting? No problem, they have you covered.. This review is written strictly for the day club, because it was a wonderful way to wrap up our group's last day in Vegas! Even on a Sunday, this place knows how to throw a great party! I loved the energy too! Unlike Wet Republic, the staff wasn't pretentious at all. I never got the impression that "You're lucky to be here." Instead, the impression I got was, "We are happy to have you here!" When entering the elevator to go up to the pool, the manager said, "All I expect from you while you're here is to have a smile on your face, so let us know what we can do to make your experience great." 

There was open bar on simple cocktails from 11-1, and in addition to that, we were also given 2 drink coupons once the open bar was over. 

When the DJ came on stage, there was a huge parade with inflatable penguins, beach balls, and best of all foam shooting out of the large artificial palm trees. People were cheering, dancing, and splashing like crazy! I've never had so much fun at a pool party! 

The private cabanas had private spas with glass walls so everything was on display, and water spilled over the edge of the glass as they would in "endless" pools. Pretty awesome design!

Girls adorned in Lady Gaga-like attire pranced about the premises taking pictures with everyone and dancing up on stage which added to the overall experience. 

Did I mention I loved my time here? Because I did!!. Friggin'  TARO soft serve frozen yogurt. Plus, when I went it was a reasonable .39/ ounce, and my cup was only $3.50 

I got a sampling of three flavors without toppings, which seemed extraneous with the lovely flavors they had available: Cheesecake, Ferrero Rocher, Cookies n Cream amongst about 10 others, my favorite was definitely the Taro.. Yum you have to try it. Loved the cheesy margarita the sauce was just the perfect amount a bit garlicky very tasty. The cheese was oozing out and delicious the dough was crispy and chewy, just right. The desert kono with nutella is loaded with nutella, I couldn't finish it. The owner was really nice the place was very casual good seating area great music there's a table outside with 2 chairs. U get 1 for 5 or 6$ or one kono with choice of desert or salad with drink for 10$. Try it out it's an awesome Italian concept !. Just used them again July 2014.  Can't say enough great things about Justin and his staff. We love working with them and we recommend them to all of our friends.. Got an awesome deal from Jetsetter and booked the Bella Suite with my girlfriend. Venetian never disappoints me. Bella Suite had two queen size beds and the room is pretty big. Service was excellent. Checking in and out of the hotel was a piece of cake. Also received a few coupons to use during our stay in Venetian. LIke free coffee at the bakery, etc. 

Grand Lux Cafe is open 24 hours and there's like a few of them I believe. Grand Lux Cafe serves pretty decent food for a decent price as well. So if you don't feel like calling room service, just take a stroll down to the cafe. 

Don't forget to take the expensive, yet quite cheesy/ romantic ride on the gondola if you want to feel like you're in Venice. Haha.

Overall, it's great. Venetian is the prettiest during Christmas time (I believe). Their decorations are just picture worthy.. Elle's cleanse is a fabulous way to dip your toes into a vegan lifestyle.  I dropped my cholesterol 60 points. I sleep better and I'm no longer allergic to my cat!  THREE WEEKS!. Friendly hostess, server was very nice. Clean place, I LOVE the med. focciahcha thing is great. Pizza was amazing. Could come here everyday lol.. Great Doctor! He Delivered my two boys, if you want a good doctor that won't rush you and answers all your questions, he is the go to doctor. He has a great sense of humor, and will make you smile. 

He is a great Obgyn, therefor the wait time might take a little longer, but it is worth the wait. And he is busy, so start scheduling your appointment as soon as possible :). This was the best service to use. Signed up, entered the clubs we wanted access to. Received confirmation, as well as text throughout the day on what to do. Thanks Chris. Will definitely use this again when in Vegas.  Had a super great time at Drais!!!. Both of my girls have seen Dr. Shaffron in the neurology department and we adore him.  So thorough and so amazing with kids.  The office staff is great as well.  The only complaint I have is with the construction which is only temporary.  The guards at the parking structure were a bit rude but I'm not there to mingle with the security guards, just to receive excellent care for my two precious girls!. i love this place i work down the street from here and i always call in and have my food hot and ready when i come to pick up. My friend and I decided to check out this place because we heard great things about the food. Let me just say.... it didn't disappoint! Scooter's has the typical happy hour with beer specials and half off of appetizer's, and because we couldn't decide what to eat we got a variety of their appetizer's.  
They were so good! A few of my favorite's are the artichoke's, macaroni and cheese and the spinach/artichoke dip. Yummy!
The place is clean and the staff is super attentive and nice.
A definite place to go to unwind after a long day and enjoy some great food! I will go back!. I tried going to Shake shack in Maryland early this year after finding it on yelp, and when we drove up it was still being built. Ugh! BUT I noticed that our hotel (NY-NY) had one connected to it and boom issue solved. 

I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. I forget the fancy name they had for it oops. But it was fantastic. Small burger, but perfect so I didn't overstuff myself. It was probably the best burger I've had in a longtime. Wish I had another one because it was that good!!! I also shared an order of cheese fries with the boyfriend and I wish I hadn't. I wanted all of the fries to myself! 

Don't forget to order a shake, duh! I got the strawberry and it was perfectly delicious! I want some now!. I stopped in here on my cookie tour and was amazed at all the people I saw in here. Moreover, I was amazed myself when I saw all the different items you can buy someone for the holidays. Yes, they even had a book on Hanukkah which you normally would not find in this section of the city.

You can find all sorts of cards, wrapping paper, books, pictures, scarves, etc. just to name a few. They really have a vast assortment of things you don't see in other stores. I came across a sock monkey scarf and I'm a real fan of the sock monkey. The saleslady told me that it was handmade of cotton and machine washable.

The staff were both friendly and helpful and I was truly amazed at their selection. I love to support small businesses and got a cookie to boot! This place is definitely a must if you are looking for something different even if it is a card to that someone you want to give a gift for the holiday season.. Same wonderful food as the old school South Phoenix location I know and love, but the attempted recreation of the quirky atmosphere misses the mark.  We felt like the servers were a bit less attentive than at the original as well.  

Bottom line:  Order something off of the "House Specialties" section of the menu or the Special board, specifically anything with Adovada ribs (I just tried a special of soft tacos yesterday....YUM).  If you order a run-of-the-mill taco or burrito, you're going to get a run-of-the-mill taco or burrito.

Los Dos gets extra points for serving yummy beans too....I'm not a fan of refried beans because of the weird texture; these are left whole with some sauce and have tons of flavor.  And that green salsa?  I'd drink it with every meal if I could.  Awesome, awesome!. My daughter's prom dress needed alterations that were very minor and we were on a tight deadline.  Time snuck up on us and we needed the dress fixed in 48 hours or less.  The gentleman who assisted us looked at the dress and said that he would shorten the tie-back for the halter dress and move the hook for us.  Because the job was so minor, he did it for free.  That is excellent customer service!  The dress fits my daughter perfectly and I am excited to see how beautiful she's going to look at her boyfriend's prom tomorrow.  Alberto & Pasquale rocks!. I thought Earthy was all about vegetarian eating but it actually provides delicious sounding meat dishes too. On a whole it is all about good quality, locally sourced and nourishing food; prepared and served with love and you feel better for it too!

Up until now my home-made salads consisted of green leaves, carrot, tomato, celery, cucumber, peppers and cheeses but man am I inspired by the salad menu at Earthy - so much so that it has made me think about growing my own veggies! The selection of about 10 different salad options from which I chose four to make up my salad platter for my main has really shown me how interesting and sexy a salad can be! I can't remember the exact ingredients unfortunately, however I do recall bulgar wheat, wild rice, goats cheese and pomegranate seeds in one, grilled aubergine and peppers in another, sweet potato wedges with cinamon and puy lentils on a bed of green leaves and walnuts to finish. It was soooooo good and so filling!

For dessert it was a naughty chocolate tart accompanied by a dollop of cointreau cream - I could have easily walked about with a spoon of this in my mouth for the rest of the day to savour it if I wasn't going to invite weird looks. This went well with my delicious pomegranate blini!

The only down side was it was Mothers Day, the place was packed and it seemed to be a little understaffed as service was slow - our drinks arrived with our meal, 35 mins after sitting down! One of my companions who is a regular here said it has never been like this before and the place is always busy so maybe they were caught out by unexpected absence or something.

I really like the earthy decor, art work and chilled music that plays here. 

Never again will my face resume the expression of a goat's when chewing it's greens, oh no! It will be of a sprightly bunny who has hopped upon a field of golden vegetables!. My husband and I ALWAYS pay Fat Tuesday a visit during our weekend getaways. Love all the flavors; atmosphere is great and you can't NOT walk the strip without a tasty concoction around your neck! Can't wait for our next visit!. We visited Majerle's to kill some traffic time leaving downtown. I came with no expectations and only wanted a drink and some downtime to cap off the evening. Well, this was accomplished! And well might I add. 

We sat at the bar, were greeted prompty and served politely. Both bartenders were personable and efficient. The crowd around seemed upbeat, business casual and relaxed. Decent, though not overly crowded scene for a Saturday night. 

The menu looked diverse and varied drinks available. Decor was clean, modern, and comforting. Prices were on par for the area and venue. 

Really not a ton I can comment on as it was one drink (It really was, too!). No, not "two", TOO! 

Seems like a nice place to relax when downtown. Would I drive here just for Majerle's? Nope. Would I pop in if downtown wanting a drink or some food? For sure.. First time I tried their ramen (really my first time because I cook instant ramen at home) it's was Mmm GOOD! 
I'm new at these ramen restaurants. I didn't know what to order or how. @Sora, Their menu is easy to look at.. I tried the shio with seaweed, pork and egg, it was yummy! Omg the Gyoza u gotta try it's really good too very tasty! Next time I'm gonna try the miso soup. This place is gonna be our regular ramen spot. Ambience is perfect for me, I like the music  they play.. Rock n Roll!. As others have said: just go. It will probably be life-changing. It's huge, loud, packed, amazing music and energy. I was sick this year when I went, but still danced my socks off and considered it an epic time. The one annoying thing was I was asked by a handful of people if I had X which in retrospect is unsurprising for a massive rave.. To make perfect poutine you need freshest possible cheese curds(one that squeaks when you bite into it), dark thick gravy and  fries with potato skin attached.  Cheese curds  was not squeaky.  Gravy was light  colored and thin (I tasted a lot of MSG).  Fries  looked perfect but didn't taste that good.  But I gave them 4 stars because it's the closest real thing compare to Quebec, Canada poutine(home of poutine)  Nothing beats that fresh  squeaky  cheese curds from Quebec. This place uses Wisconsin  cheese curds.. I love this place! It's not your average Mexican American food. The price is cheap and quality is wonderful. Although the menu is minimal, tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and the soup are my top picks. The soup is only available certain days, so if you enjoy real mexican food...I suggest to try this place.  If not, then please enjoy your Chipotle!. This place is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the area because the service, atmosphere and food are always on point.  The quality of the food, speed food takes They're very consistent when it comes to quality of food and quick, attentive service. 

Recommendations: See Ew noodles are amazing. I usually get 6 for spicy with tofu as my protein (the tofu are like sponges for the sauce) and it's simply delicious.  

Green Curry is also great, especially if you love eggplant! Ask for extra eggplant, though, because they don't put a lot normally.. I'm so HAPPY! I now have a brand new laptop computer that I just LEASED from RedSeven. For a small deposit and monthly fee I have a new. speedy computer and RedSeven is basically responsible for any issues. They will help me over the phone, at one of their stores and I even get some house calls.  

Ask them about their worry-free leasing program!. We went to this place on Sunday and it was amazing!!!! The owner of the place was there and he was really patient and sweet. We went in and there was a really cute design inside. Then the owner he told us everything on the menu and recommended the good stuff on the menu. At the end of all of this we ordered the chicken shawarma sandwich(it also came with the French fries). Then we ordered the chicken kabob. This plate came with the choice of hummus, salad/tabouli, and rice. This plate was very delicious. Finally we got a Mediterranean burger. This burger was soooo amazing that it is better then most burger places in my opinion! My burger also came with fries and they were amazing! With this order we also got two drinks! He recommend the iced tea that is made there!! It was very delicious! At the end this place is really amazing and delicious!! I will be returning here!. My friend and I spent over 5 hours in the spa!  Minus the hour spent hungover torturing ourselves in the Fitness Center we were in complete state of bliss.  We started in the jacuzzi and moved on to the Roman Baths.  We spent about an hour in the tubs so by the time we got to the tea lounge to wait for our appointments we were completely relaxed already.  I chose the 90 minute Ayurvedic Journey.  It was completely different than anything I've ever experienced.  The therapist (or artisan, as they call them here) took all my pulses to determine my body composition (I'm pitta or fire- no surprise there).  She then gently scrubs your entire body and then massages your entire body with oils meant to balance your dosha, including your scalp, which she poured warm oil on for a seeming eternity.  This is supposed to awaken your intuition.  The goal of the treatment is to balance your mind, body and soul.  After my treatment I still hadn't had enough and spent about 45 more minutes in the Herbal Steam, Sauna and Artic Chill room.  By the time I left I felt completed rejuvenated and ready to face another late night of debauchery.. Not a Chinese food expert, in my younger day I would even avoid it at all costs but looking back I think that must have been the MSG. Now that you know that I will tell you this is one of the best Chinese food meals I have ever had. We had just returned to Phoenix from a long vacation and we knew there was no food in the house. So I Yelped and we decided to visit Asian Cafe Express. 

We all chose a meal but then decided to get the Family Meal. You can order 5 different entrees in addition to white rice, fried rice and lo mein. We ordered orange chicken, kung pao chicken, general chicken, sweet & sour chicken, and kung pao beef. I don't like deep fried or heavily breaded food so I didn't try those three but my kids were very happy.  The kung pao dishes were awesome, slightly spicy but I added more, tender chicken and beef and crunchy veggies, slightly sweet. The fried rice was so yummy - veggies and eggs. 

We were starving and ate a lot and still brought home at least 6 boxes of food. We had it for dinner and a bit for lunch the next day. 

The atmosphere is fine, not fancy, the mall has maybe one other business in it. The service was great. Definitely worth the drive for us.. AMAZING!! My folks brought me here for my birthday and I must say we almost ordered everything on the menu..it was all so delicioso I wanted to go back the next day. Fried chicken, fried green tomato BLT, homemade biscuits, bone marrow and umm yea everything else. Service was excellent!! From the greeter to the waitress we were totally taken care of! A MUST TRY! Trust you will definitely be satisfied!. I bring all of my clothes here to get altered. The owner is extremely friendly and will work with you if you need the clothes back quickly. The prices are more than reasonable and I always leave with everything always looking like I bought it right off the rack and it just happened to fit properly.. Excellent service! Sandwiches are great every time! They also will grill the wraps for you- which makes them even better. Cookies are a nice treat also. Always soft and fresh. You are always greeted as soon as you walk in the door, and the staff makes sure that they are hustling to get their customers fed as soon as possible. Ingredients are always fresh and ripe. Facility is exceptionally clean and neat. Best Port of Subs in town, hands down!. Good place to get a gourmet burger on the strip. I may be spoiled by all the great gourmet burgers in L.A. for way less money. They offer many options and a build-your-own burger option as well. I had the lamb burger and didn't add cheese. Big mistake because it was a little bland without it. Everyone else's burger was good, except the vegan burger. I would definitely come back if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, but would go with another burger instead.. Had dinner there two nights ago. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich and it was delicious. The bread was fresh and the cheesesteak perfectly spiced and cooked. My husband had the meatloaf and the portions were so big that he took some home. Service was good, especially being checked on for water, drinks,etc.  If you're interested in sports, they have lots of tv's.. The food and ambiance was great. I came for breakfast. Service was really really slow, but I wasn't in a rush either.. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they do not serve breakfast "all day"... I mean, you'd think if a place is only open till 2 pm they'd still be serving breakfast after 11am. Otherwise, the food was great!! Very fresh and delicious. Tapas style Mexican & Chinese food (not fusion tho! They are not meshing the Asian favors with the Mexican flavors). I was recommended this place, but was iffy about trying it because it was two very different foods in the same restaurant... I wasn't sure if I'd like it, but I gave them a chance anyways and I'm so glad I did! My friend and I absolutely loved this place!!! We sat at the bar and started with an awesome pomegranate margarita topped with salted FOAM rather then the traditional salted rim. Every dish we got we were completely satisfied with and we're looking forward to our next trip back to Vegas so that we can eat here again! I highly recommend the Tuna Ceviche, Golden pig BBQ pork buns, and the mango "sticky rice" dessert.  Oh, another plus- our server was super friendly and outgoing :). Quel super endroit pour manger des hamburgers à Montréal. Attention on n'est pas dans un fast-food ici mais plutôt très proche de la tentative (souvent réussie) de quelques resto français de "chic-ifier" ce mets américain. Ici la viande est bonne, de qualité et bien cuite, le pain bombé et chouchouté, les garnitures viennent par dizaines, soit déjà inclus dans des recettes toutes prêtes, soit au choix, à modifier, à ajouter. 
Quant aux frites, c'est le top pour moi, fines et bien croustillantes, elles sont délicieuses. Je recommande de les tremper dans de la mayo ail ciboulette moyennant un petit supplément. 
Pour finir l'intérieur et le quartier sont beaux, ce qui ne gâche rien, je reviendrais si je le pouvais !. Cannot recommend this little gem enough! The kind of place you could sit for hours, bowl after bowl of wings eaten! And reasonable enough to try several of their delicious toppings. Nicest ranch sauce I have ever tried and needless to say their sweet bbq sauce had me droooling. The star wars memorabilia also gets two thumbs up from us!. Good sushi, but a little overpriced in my opinion. Also, they don't do brown rice which is kind of annoying. Overall pretty solid sushi joint. Gets busy around 7.. Wild Tuna was unexpectedly really good. We had the hamachi neck, seaweed salad and Marilyn Monroll, and they were fresh and flavorful. The service was prompt, and the owners (I believe) were very accommodating and friendly. 

Don't be fooled by its small size and strip mall location. The food is very good. I moved here from the SF Bay Area, and it's hard to find good, fresh sushi within Phoenix. I'll definitely be back, especially since it's quite close to my home.. We have an older RV that needs patience and creativity -- that is just what Double Eagle excels at.  We aren't in a rush and don't need a fancy facilities.  We would much rather have knowledgeable, experienced, and reasonably priced expertise willing to work with us.. My absolute favorite place for happy hour!  Bartender Helen is the best!  She has always taken great care of us.  Doesn't matter if its just my husband and me or a group of friends!  Sushi is great as well!. Truly as good as i gets.  Just went again this weekend (on a Sat); the line looked intimidating, but it went faster than I thought.  The older gentleman who works there (my husband and I have had a lovely conversation with him before) was there again handing out menus as guests entered and we had another lovely conversation with him - we asked about the 'E61' name and he gave us the history of the Faeme E61 espresso machine one of the owners had brought over from Milan.. what an interesting story.  Needless to say, the espressos we had were outstanding - super dark and rich crema. The great thing we learned is that you can walk right up to the 'E61 Bar' and order your food/drink w/out having to wait in the long line (that is KEY to know!). Both our breakfast dishes were highly filling and very flavorful (their steak scramble is very tasty and I really like their honey biscuit). When the staff is continually friendly and prompt and their food is repeatedly tasty and filling - you are darn near 'as good as it gets'.. We have been to this place twice. Service and food are outstanding! The first time they were very busy but our wait for a table was less than five minutes. Our server was a tad slow but we didn't mind as it gave us time to look over the menu. She was super friendly and helped me make a selection. I got the tilapia. The husband got the jumbalaya. Both were so good. They do their own rootbeer and cream soda and I can't say enough about those. You can actually taste the butterscotch in the cream soda. The second time we went was a Friday night. They will not accept reservations for a party under 10 but if you call before you arrive they'll add you to the wait list. We called half an hour before we left the house and added our name to the list. When we arrived the place was packed to the point that people had to wait outside. We walked right in and they had a table for us. No waiting at all! We got some very dirty looks. lol  Despite being very busy our server was attentive and quick. I got the thai salmon covered in mango salsa. Amazing! Husband got the chili burger. My friend got a club. We were all so into our food we ate in silence for quite some time. I tried their black cherry soda. It was really good. The only gripe I have is that I ordered their gluten-free pizookie at the end of our meal. I got it to go. They did make us wait a bit for that and later, when we opened it up, we discovered the pizookie was not cooked. It was just a doughey mess. I was very disappointed by that. I had also expected it to be somewhat bigger. It is $5.99 and really just an oversized  cookie but not so big that I'd call it a pizookie. I won't be ordering that again. But we will for sure go back to BJ's for a good meal.. This place has become a fave for my husband and myself. Joe C and this staff run a great place to be in the morning. They know us by name, recall our orders, and even take away our breakfast mess if they note we are still sitting and enjoying our coffee...

We have met the NICEST people here. Whether they are retired folks from the nearby senior communities or regulars in for breakfast, we have become very close to some folks. That enables us to exchange info on services we need, good places to eat other meals at, and happenings in the west valley.

Unlike a comment that states they are chintzy on cream cheese, I'd have to say the opposite. I've told my husband at times that when he orders mine, he can tell the folks behind the counter to go easy on the spread. Put it this way, tell them what you want and they are eager to please. Now that cooler weather is on the horizon, we can't wait to bring our dog and see how he likes the place also................. I absolutely love this woman!
I have had a history with bad skin and was desperate for results. My friend recommended Milunka, and I could not be happier.
She takes the time to do extensive extractions and finishes with waxing my eyebrows to perfection.
She carries great products too!

If you're looking for someone who is fantastic with skin and treats you like family, this is your woman. I don't think you can find anyone better. Period.. Who knew I'd be back at Lexus of Henderson so quickly! I just got my 2015 RC F Sport in December. Jim Stone handled the transaction very smoothly especially after a nightmare experience at the Lexus on Sahara. Fast forward to today, eight months later. I'm expecting my first child in December so having a coupe isn't ideal for family. I emailed Jim to explained to him my situation and he had zero hesitation in helping me out. The day I came into the dealership, he was just as cheery and helpful. He introduced me to Tito DeLeon who helped me throughout the whole process to test drive and complete paperwork. Very friendly, helpful and not pushy whatsoever - the way everyone who works at a dealership should be. They set me up with a brand new, slick 2015 NX F Sport, which is the best transition vehicle from driving coupes my whole life I could ask for. Highly recommend coming to this dealership for a Lexus - ask for Jim and Tito specifically!. Cassidy photographed myself, husband and 2 children after visiting Vegas from Australia.
I booked Cassidy for our wedding shots and found her to be very accommodating, helpful, understanding and very professional.
All my questions prior to the photo shoot were answered promptly.
Cassidy is an outstanding photographer who made us feel comfortable while shooting and instructed us all the way in order to result in some amazing shots.
The ideas of the background that were suggested turned out amazing, the lighting was perfect (we got photos of daylight, dusk and the Vegas lights) because she knew exactly how to get that perfect affect.
I would not hesitate to recommend Cassidy Zellmann Photography - a photographer who knows what they are doing and can honestly say you would not be disappointed!. This place deserves four stars for the eclectic and eccentric qualities. BUT!!! I take away one star because I always turn south down 3rd Avenue forgetting its a one way street. Now, my only defense is that I am mostly hung over when I go here, so I know not which way I drive but that I am going towards the great heavenly beacon known as the coffee house vibe. Is it me, or does everyone recover at a coffee house?? 
     Willow has got what it takes to make the place stick in anyone's imagination. From Dia de los Muertos Sugar Skulls to strange nic nak oddities being sold, this place has consumer crap to wrap your hands around in addition to the coffee! Nightly, they have a projection screen and show indie films and again other eclectic big screen oddities .        Toss out your super large flat screen TV....well dont, and head down to Willow House for some cozy big screen movie watching complete with the aura and mystic of your favorite coffee beverage.. The staff are always courteous. Service is usually prompt but as with all medical practices, there may be a delay.  I love Dr. Boyd.  She knows 
"I HATE the dentist" but does not take it personal!  Carol does my regular cleaning and we are on the same page.  As long as Dr. Boyd does her assessment and finishes without uttering the word "cavity", I am a happy camper.  Will continue to visit regularly, as long as she will have me!

You can take the elevator or walk as I do up to their floor.  Location is easily accessible but arrive mid-day and parking may be a problem.  Entering and exiting the parking lot can also be tricky.. I have been taking my cars to Pete for 3 or 4 years now! He does a great job for a great price and fast!! I have recommended him to several friends!. Born in Montreal and been living in Southern California for practically all my life but whenever I return to Montreal to visit family, I always, and I emphasize this, I always go to Schwartz the first night im there!  And I go as much as I can until the end of my trip.  It's the one place I can never forget how good the smoked meat is.  It's soo good that we have even overnighted 2 slabs of smoked meat all the way to LA.   

It's a tiny place that has a lot of history.  It's busy and the guys behind the counter are fast paced and know exactly what they are doing with the endless years of experience under their belt.

If you're a tourist from the States or any other place, I highly recommend making this a mandatory stop on places to eat in Montreal!

As I write this... I'm actually craving a smoked meat sandwich from them ... and it's torture...

This will forever be my favorite place in Montreal and it has been for close to 20 years!. Really great wraps!! Friendly service!! We always get the steak shawema.. Great flavor, we also always get it in the home made pita not the other pita bread. So yummyyyyy. My husband and I don't gamble but went to Vegas to see a show, we were looking for a fun place and happened upon Ri Ra.  The hostess was extremely nice and as we were not able to find a visible seat at the bar pointed out the small and cozy back bar.  The service there was phenomenal, not once did they forget we were there.  I noticed a bottle on the bar back that said "Irish Honey."  Curiosity peaked as asked the bartender about it and he said that, "It is a simple Irish Whiskey."  That being said I had to try it, it was amazing and we were not disappointed in anything recommended during our visit.  We will now be making the trip to Vegas more often just to visit this pub.  (Previously we would visit every 2 - 3 years, we now plan 3 -4 times a year) Yes this place is that good.. A lot better than the first time I stepped foot on this place. The staff is much more friendlier than my first visit and the ambiance is a lot more urban and laid-back; better than how it was with the white walls surrounding the place.

When my boyfriend and I came in, we only intended to purchase boba drinks. But the server recommended we try a few flavors to see if we would like anything else other than the drinks. I was so glad she did because we loved the flavors she recommended: Nutella Banana and Strawberry cheesecake. Another thing that I really liked about the place is that they make their own ice cream! Pretty impressive. Along with the two ice cream flavors, I got myself an almond milk tea with boba. It was full of flavor and the boba was cooked perfectly.. This place deserves an update. Came here another 3x, and the lunch buffet is not only an amazing value but likely the best Indian food I've ever had and definitely the best Indian lunch buffet! 

For me, that statement is saying a lot considering I was first exposed to the wonderful world of Indian cuisine at restaurants located along Lexington Ave in Murray Hill, NYC aka "curry hill" and via the Indian ethnic enclave of Jackson Heights near the 74th Street stop in Queens. 

The diversity of NYC and its eclectic cuisine is undoubtedly one of things I miss most about it but that is a whole other story...glad we have Mint in Vegas!. I had hip replacement surgery on August 25, 2014 and within 2 weeks was walking with a cane and after week 3 was walking fine by myself and actively working.  His office staff is friendly and communicates well.  He is a great surgeon that is proud of his work and is concerned with your health..  I highly recommend this Doctor!. The second I walked in the door, I knew I would like the place. The hostess was cute, energetic, and friendly and instantly made me feel at ease. My friend and I opted to eat inside only because of the cold weather outside, I definitely plan on taking advantage of the patio once it warms up.

The server that came and greeted us was very helpful in recommending drinks and guided us thru the menu briefly with more suggestions. I ordered their Curry Chicken Salad Wrap with an order of french fries, which was a generous size and very tasty. I would order it again.
 
We definitely were THAT table that hung around for a while and talked and talked, but our server was always attentive and the bus staff was constantly clearing our table and refilling our waters. It was a busy Saturday night, but it never seemed chaotic.

The service sold me on this place, the little things matter and in my opinion this place got it. I look forward to returning with a bigger appetite and more people.. I wrote a bad review of this place. I had one bad experience and I suppose that can happen anywhere. Since then, I've been more than pleased with the pool. FYI, there is an entire exercise facility and community center adjoining the pool. If you're on Medicare, the membership is paid.. Yep, I'm a fan.
Yes it is super clean. 
Fanflippintastic selection of everything! Toys, toys, toys! Best prices too!
If you need it they got it here... Love Yupha's for both lunch and dinner.  The service is friendly.  Lunch is fabulous as you get the soup and salad that you can prepare how you want, with their really good warm peanut sauce along with whatever entree you order.  Every dish I have ever ordered there is wonderful.   I drive a little farther at lunch to go to Yupha's as it is my favorite Thai place in the East Valley.. This is a late post, but here I am!

I went here for the first time on my birthday and it was AMAZING. Hands down the best sushi I have had in a land locked state! It was a little hard to find because it is tucked away in an assuming plaza, but hey, if this creates less foot traffic then I am happy!. One the best shops I've been to  hot a trash dumpster and damaged my finder and bumper so I took it to 3 shops they all told me that I needed it replaced the cost was going to be around 1000 to all 3 places give or take a 100 or so .then I took it to bumper 2 bumper Xpress and the owner Roxie said she could repair it and she did just that and she saved me from having to claim insurance as well saved me several 100 bucks it was so cheap she also took time to bring my car back all the way to Mesa AZ also she even restored my head lights from sun damage my truck look brand new I could no get over how good it looks so trust to whom ever reading this if u need a repair done I urge you to call and talk to her she will go and do what ever she can to save u money and fix your car and she is the owner and the repair person of this place this is first time I ever meet a women who did this she told me she not in this to rip people off but to just make a living I was like wow I guess the rest of the auto body places are ripping women off bc they tried to make me think I needed replacing maybe they would have just fixed mine and told me they replaced I would have know bc Roxie fixed my truck so well so please people I urge you to use this place signed a very very happy customer. I know i should probably eat here a couple more times before i review but whatever i will review anyways and you cannot stop me! 
I had a sandwich that used texas toast, ham, pulled pork and bacon! YUMMMM!!!! Now our waitress was very nice but screwed up with my fries. i asked for sweet potato but was debating on just getting the seasoned which she brought out since i got a sandwich that would be bbq'y goodness. so extra sweetness is just not something i love doing on a regular basis because i just feel overwhelmed. i cannot wait to go back so i can try the huge selection of beers. but i did try one which was their for a limited time. was not bad...apparently the wings were good. So until then i hope this helps :). Our anniversary dinner lead us back to Verandah and basically it just boils down to the fact that I love Verandah. The setting isn't very formal and there's an outdoor seating area with ceiling fans and shade for those that want to hang outside. 

We changed things up by ordering the calamari (fritto misto). A good choice as there was shrimp/calamari and green peppers which brought it some heat. I looked back at my previous review and my significant other ordered the same thing as he did last year. The Brasato Barolo (short ribs) which is a definitely a MUST try... very flavorful, melts in your mouth deliciousness. I decided to get the rack of lamb which was good, nothing extraordinary....a lil bit over done for the "medium" that it was supposed to be but I think I could pass it up next time. The best dish of the night was Antonio's Pasta. It was cooked in the glass jar shown in pictures with scallops, shrimp and the best fresh pasta ever! The flavors were just wonderful and I could have just had that for dinner and been content. We ended it with a wonderful chocolate souffle that wasn't overly sweet and paired well with the dolce latte flavored gelato. They also surprised us with a plate of truffles and a Happy Anniversary written on it....sweet touch to a great night.

Verandah's service has always been and still is attentive. Delicious food paired with great service makes it for a great night. They also know how to make a lemon drop martini like how this gal likes it....bonus points there since I've been highly dissatisfied with a lot of lemon drop martinis at other venues. I definitely will be back for more short ribs, etc.. Love dine in theatres! I won't go anywhere else!. Came in on a Friday afternoon after an afternoon of shopping in Glendale with my husband..Happy Hour 3pm-6:30...Jackpot!

The flight of beers is a bargain is you aren't sure what you want or like trying new things.  $6 for 6 4 oz pours.  The waitress was even kind enough to let me pick more than 1 from the specialty list.  The Blonde and Heff from the House regulars are both very good, but the Three Pepper Ale was AMAZING! super light and refreshing with a slight kick.  We were so disappointed we could not get a growler to go to share with friends on game day!

Tried the spicy sausage and cheese pretzle bites on ($2 HH).  Loved them, but if that is the regular portion, then not worth the regular price (6 bite size pieces not with 4 bucks)

Shared the Cuban Cristo sandwich.  AMAZING.  It is Ham, Cheese, (hold the pickles), pulled pork, honey mustard and mayo on sourdough and battered like a Monte Cristo with sweet and spicy jelly. DUDE...you should try it!

Our service was great in the bar area!

Will be back when we are shopping in Glendale!. I love this store. I haven't gone to a Walmart in three years. Target is cleaner, more organized, carries better quality products and hires better employees. Checkout is always fast and the cashiers are really nice. I'm very glad this store is here.. This place is awesome. I took my mom who was in town for my birthday and we had a great time. 
Ok, so we are of the Mexican persuasion and we know good Mexican food when we have it and this place is GREAT Mexican food. Pomegranate seeds on guacamole, seriously? Amazing. It was so good the next day was the Super Bowl and even though I live in Glendale I drove the thirty minutes there and back just to get the guacamole for the game. I waited outside for my mom while she ran in and picked it up and they gave her a free tequila shot... not that she needed it. And they brought me out free Flan (fantastic) for my bday. 
Tequila bar was on point too.. I had the best gel manicure with Mona today at Queen Creek Nails & Spa.  I had been to a different salon and it was the worst ever (thin application) and when I spoke to Mona, she assured me she would do her best.  AND DID SHE EVER!!!  She took the time to repair my ravaged cuticles, evened out the nails and really worked to make my hands look beautiful!  Highly recommend Mona and the whole team at Queen Creek Nails & Spa!!!. I joined Charlotte Krav Maga because I wanted to learn something new, and get stronger in the process. Many people suggested Krav Maga. A quick "Krav Maga Charlotte NC" Google search and I found Charlotte Krav Maga. 

After contacting them for more information, I heard back very quickly and they offered a free introductory Krav Maga "Foundation" class. Listen. The first class is TOUGH. You'll warm up, do some strength training, and then get into the basics. It's almost like getting a tattoo. It kinda sucked at first, but once it was over, you're addicted. Every class after that gets a little bit easier. 

The instructors are amazing. They're incredibly helpful and each of them has their own teaching style, which I find incredibly useful. Each class is a little bit different so you don't get bored. I never feel intimidated or afraid to ask questions. They genuinely want you to understand what you're doing and to get stronger while doing it. 

In addition to the martial arts classes that are offered, they have Heavy Bag classes (perfect for relieving the stress of a really rough day), Results (a body-weight circuit class) and they just introduced a new Core Crush class, which is killer. I also really appreciate the length of the classes. They're anywhere between 20 minutes and 45 minutes, depending on what you're taking. They'll push you to get a good workout during that time, but it's not so long that you're just watching the clock asking yourself "When will this be over?!?". 

Seriously, I made a LOT of life-changing decisions in 2014 and deciding to join Charlotte Krav Maga is my favorite decision. 

I love everything about this place.. As a Chinese, I feel this is the best Szechuan flavor in Phoenix, better that Szechuan Palace. However, the service and environment is not so good. And I find the cucumber and fish are not fresh for  twice.. They cleaned my wedding dress PERFECTLY for only $49. Bell Drapery down the road wanted to charge $200. My dress is simple and they said it didn't need to go under the "wedding" category. This kind of honesty and kindness means I will go back to them EVERY time. They managed to remove incredibly bad wine and dirt stains from my dress and my husband's shirt (it was a great party!!). Everyone said it couldn't be done so I was thrilled with the results. And now they tell me they will pick up and drop off to my house for free?? I'm IN. LOVE them. They are so friendly and reasonable. Thank you.. Such a great time! Went on a Monday midday. Had a restaurant.com certificate to use and it came in very handy. I was anxious to try this place because it has lots of vegan offerings. When I asked the server about what they had that I could try, he brought me an entire menu full of choices. We had the vegan chicken wings (with vegan ranch), and though a bit salty, they were pretty good. In addition, we ordered a vegan pizza, but when the waiter saw that it was not prepared properly, he made sure to buy us a round of drinks. Service was efficient and very friendly. I would go back in a heartbeat.. This Library Mall empanada truck is wonderful and a must-try if you need a hot snack. The pulled pork and chicken empanadas are delicious with the savory, spicy green sauce, and I like the plantain and garlic empanada when it's on special. And if I need a dessert to go with my lunch, I like to spring for a strawberry chocolate or banana chocolate empanada. Greasy, piping hot with powdered sugar, I love them. The churro is also excellent and worth your time, especially for only $1.50. There are new filled churros as well.

The owner is from Venezuela and is always professional and kind. A food truck gem.. Like JM., I was initially going to give Serendipity only 4 stars, but decided otherwise. The food and service here is excellent; I don't understand the mere three star overall rating. We made a dinner reservation a few days ahead and were seated almost immediately.  I ordered lettuce wraps with chicken and fried crispy noodles, which came with 3 different sauces: 1) chimi churro, 2) red Thai slightly spicy sauce, and 3) a peanut sauce, all of which were absolutely delicious. Mom ordered the burger without cheese and loved it, and also loved the saltiness of the fries. Sister and her bf ordered something else but not sure what... they enjoyed whatever they ordered though. Also tried the double frozen hot chocolate, which was nothing special... tasted just like a chocolate shake. However, it was still a tasty end to a delicious meal.
Most surprising was the waitress's (can't remember her name, sadly) ability to remember all of our orders without even having to write them down. Very impressive!! 
Whenever I return to Vegas, I'm definitely visiting here again to try other items on the menu, especially the desserts!. I come thru the drive thru a few times a week and must say..these are the nicest employees..Richard and Hassan have worked there FOREVER.. and are friendly,knowledgable and get people thru the drive thru quickly. For the room they have to do business..they do a great job..Richard always makes a point to ask me how I'm doing and has a sincere smile on his face.... We tried the red velvet cafe today and it was delicious! The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. I had the hummus vegan pizza and it was amazing!  I liked that they had options for everyone. I brought both my kids age 9 and they both loved it too!. Great office, clean and the equipment looks new. They are professional and run on time which is huge! The staff is warm and caring and they listen!! I highly recommend!. I love this place. It's close to home and offers good beer and even better food. Saturday night a group of friends and I went for Trivia night (we missed it by one) and had a blast. I have to give kudos to the girl that served us...

There were 15 of us and we were constantly moving around, getting up to go to the bathroom, playing darts, etc., and there was more than one check so I was pleasantly surprised that she got my girlfriend and I's bill correct LOL. I'm impressed and also, sorry for the headache we probably gave you.. I really like this place & it's servers. Breakfast & lunch are the meals i've had there & think this will be the place for us. Pick up a pie too.. Glad we found this place.  We needed helmets and goggles, and Scott was very helpful. He helped us stay within our price range and was patient with us as we were trying to decide between helmets, cheerfully running back and forth and up and down the ladder to find sizes. 
The prices are hard to beat, even when comparing online, and the selection is vast.  We will be back!. My husband and I have used 360 Physical Therapy and found they have an extraordinary PT named Shauna with her doctorate. She was the therapist that evaluated my husband's torn thigh which collected blood inside the leg causing all kinds of problems for his entire leg. She was relentless in getting that blood out by massage, tens unit, exercises, etc. I contribute her great knowledge and ability to his return to work after a few weeks instead of a few months. I have autoimmune diseases including Lupus, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Fibromyalgia. She used some positions for exercise that took the pain of the sciatica from a solid constant 6-8 level pain to a 2-3 level in minutes. She is the first one to bring this level of relief for me. I worked in their tiny pool for added relief and she listened when I explained the first set of exercises caused added pain. When she made the adjustment, I did so well, I was able to return to my own aerobics class at another facility after a few months. She is very proactive in returning you to a level of pain tolerance and ability. I was pleased with all the therapists I saw working with people. Everyone was treated with respect and kindness. The pool is very small, controlled by therapists for heat (inconsistent) and not typical for a workout of any kind. It is for very simple water therapy with room for 2-3 people only. There is no way to swim in it or use it for upper body exercise unless you crouch down to get your shoulders in the water. Recently I believe this business has moved so before making an appointment be sure to check where they are located now.. What a great experience!!!
Chef Simon came out to greet us and we just handed him the menus and said do what  you want with us, and boy did he.   We had the most beautiful plates hit the table.  Delicate raw carpaccio in a couple different forms, pork chop,  ribeye, creative rolls (pop rocks!) even foie gras which we can't have in California any more.  It was one of our most memorable dining experiences .  Thank you Kumi and Chef Simon,,we love you.. Dr. B is so awesome! 
He is very thorough ...staff is always great and friendly! LOVE this place!. I was here this past weekend for a charity event.  It was absolutely packed and the bartenders were working extra hard.  I mean literally breaking a sweat!    Despite it being very crowded, the restaurant stayed clean and cool!  

We ordered a Margarita pizza which was freaking delicious.  Every ingredient was fresh and tasty.  Even the mozzerella was fresh, not the shredded typical stuff.  I would definitely order this pizza again.  Although this time I did not order a salad, I have in the past ordered the Brixx Salad and it is also quite excellent.  

The price point is nice on the wallet.  Our pizza was $9.95 and can easily serve 2 people for dinner.  

In terms of atmosphere, it is more casual but in a classy, Italian way, not a sports bar type of way.  I will be going back for sure!. I love Preppy Pet and have brought my dogs to them for going on 3 years.  One of the girls remembers my dogs every time by name and that makes me feel really good.  She walks them up and always gives me an update on how they did - personalized feedback.  The doggy cam is fun to watch and i like to see my babes with all the other dogs having a great time!  I also like the indoor play, as it's so hot out that the a/c is appreciated in summer months.. Went for a WWE show (not my choice). Every staff member said hello as I walked by, was friendly and helpful. This place is clean too - the bathrooms, stands, walkways. Didn't go to any concessions but I got a $7 beer at one of the bars.. Love this place. Food is always good. Love the spinach dip and the pizza. Great service. I usually sit at the bar. I like the patio area as well. Definitely try this place! Kyla is the best server.  Ask for her and you won't be disappointed.. Good food and firiendly sevice. Fajitas are awesome. Hands down, the best sub I have ever had!! Lol I know, I know... It's just a sandwich right?! WRONG!!! These guys make amazing sandwiches and they taste great to boot!! Yea, they're a little on the expensive side but it's totally worth it!! I LOVE IT HERE!! The staff is friendly and they're fast with their hands too!!! That subway just won't do it for me anymore!! Lol This place is friggin great!!. Cheers to this location!!! Excellent service and great portions!. What a cool idea...a conveyor belt that runs through the restaurant - genius! It was the only way I could get my kids to try sushi because of the fun concept of grabbing something to grub as it passes you. The prices can't be beat either. The color of the plate determines the price, which ranges from $1.25 - $2.00. In addition to sushi, they also have dessert and other surprises conveying around! The sushi is pretty scrumptious, but if your a sushi snob, this isn't the place for you. And just a heads up - the environment is also very casual, loud and brightly lit, so not the typical sushi place for date night.. This place is pure class. I just had my wedding reception there and couldn't have been more pleased with how it turned out. Alli Hall was my planner and she was absolutely amazing. The staff is friendly and will treat you like family here. The rooms are comfortable and service impeccable. The cottage was perfect for our after wedding party and for my wedding party to get comfortable. If it's a one night escape or a large event you are planning, I highly recommend this hotel!. Awesome brands with a wide variety of both sunglasses and ophthalmic glasses. I took my family here to get their eye exams done and to purchase glasses so being able to do both at a reasonable price and not having to wait for HOURS just to see the doc was amazing.
Dr. Vanessa Kim also worked really well with my 6 year old daughter. And to top it off, we received their new glasses within the time frame given. So two thumbs up to the new growing business.. If I had grown up outside of Cackalacky (NC/SC for you newbies), I could probably base this review on the finer points of Ethiopian cuisine. I'm a NC native, so that's out. But I'll tell you this: Meskerem makes me wish I had grown up in New York, Chicago, or heck, Addis Ababa, so I could have eaten Ethiopian food at least twice a week. That way I'd really give you a nuanced review of this midtown restaurant. 

All I can say about the food here is this: it is simply delicious. If you like simple food, well-prepared, steaming with complex flavors and aromas, you'll be delighted. Everything I've tasted has been nothing short of wonderful. Sure, you have to have an adventurous spirit to "eat your plate," which you will do with the injera bread on which your food is served. This pleasantly spongy-sour bread, made of fermented teff (world's smallest grain) flour, is a great complement to the various wats (stews). I highly recommend the doro wat (chicken stew) with its savory blend of spices. Unlike its Indian or Szechuan counterparts, this stew isn't a mouth-burner; instead, it is a mouth-warmer. I also love the lentil dishes, especially the miser alecha. If you like sauteed veggies, Meskerem has plenty to choose from: green beans, potatoes, carrots, onions, and collards (yes, I love 'em).  Even cabbage, which I normally won't touch, is so well-infused with seasoning, it tastes slightly sweet served on the pungent injera bread. 

If you are spice-averse, this type of cuisine probably won't suit you . Here's my barometer. If you like a typical freshly-made Mexican salsa, I think you'll love this cuisine, possibly owing to the berbere seasoning- a blend of peppers, ginger, cumin, and cardamom, (I wish I knew all its secret ingredients!) Even my brother, not a fan of Indian food, loves Meskerem. I've been here many times with friends and family, and Meskerem has never failed to deliver a tasty, affordable meal. If you're unsure, my suggestion would be to visit at lunch one Tuesday through Thursday and try the buffet. That will give you a sample of some of the various flavors. 

For an evening meal, I strongly recommend you try the Ethiopian beer. It  tastes like no other beer out there, which is probably why I love it. No sour horse-piss, this stuff finishes as smooth as silk, with a slightly honeyed tinge. Speaking of honey, Ethiopian wine is flavored with it. It wasn't my favorite, but it was an interesting taste. If you want wine with your dinner, they have a limited menu. I had a dry German riesling that balanced the spice quite nicely. The tea, however, is a must-try- a bit like chai, but much, much lighter- almost like drinking the essence of a flower. My mother and other coffee-drinking friends compared the coffee favorably to Turkish coffee- thick, dark "jet fuel.' One other item I'd have to recommend for a menu starter is the avocado salad. This stuff is the refined relative of guacamole. 

I have to admit to a soft spot for Mom-and-Pop outfits like Meskerem, where the service is warm and personal, albeit a bit slow. If you are pressed for time, I'd suggest waiting until you can sit with a friend or three (Ethiopian cuisine cries out for a communal experience) to savor this taste treat.  But if you enjoy dining out as adventure in new flavors, I'd wager you'll put Meskerem on your list of favorite ethnic restaurants in Charlotte. Each time I go I feel like I'm being treated to a taste of food the gods must have eaten. Heck, they may well have, since Ethiopia is an ancient land. My advice about Meskerem: eat your ancient history in order to keep it alive in Charlotte!. I need to write another review because his service is so amazing that he merits an update. I'm not a commitment type of person when it comes to services, but I feel that I've found my accountant soulmate with Ivanno. So it's hard for me to go elsewhere. Even with TurboTax service, I feel it's well worth the effort to just go to his office. I've gone here for years (4 or 5).

He's very TRANSPARENT as an accountant and when it comes to managing your taxes or finances every year, it's important to have that transparency.
Ivanno will break everything down for you. My Dad is in an independent contractor so Ivanno explains to my Dad what he needs to do, what Ivanno will be doing, and why. He'll explain what the IRS maybe looking for and will also tell you what you may expect based on current news. He maximizes your returns in the best, most professional, and most trusting way possible. 

He'll breakdown and explain basic accounting knowledge to you in the best way for you to understand. I think that is an added value in any service. Knowledge is free! So take what you learn from him and even if you don't become a regular, I promise you'll gain something out there it that you can apply in any accounting service. You'll leave know the right questions to ask.

Lastly, he's a very down to earth person so you can feel comfortable asking and talking to him about anything. You won't feel pressured, ashamed, or doubtful about the questions you ask. Super humbling guy.. Great place to walk around a lake. I was a little concerned by the decor and vibe that my toddler and infant wouldn't have as good of a time... but I really wanted some sushi, and I'm a gambler. ;)

The sushi was great! Loved the mango lobster roll, loved the rainbow rolls, and loved the coconut créme brulee. 

The staff was really friendly and helpful. Even though they don't have traditional kids stuff, my little guy enjoyed a snowball looking bowl of white rice, edamame and sushi. 

It was a good experience, and we will be returning soon, but probably for a date night next time.. This is not gourmet Chinese food. 

This is store-front-hole-in-the-wall-greasy-yummy-awesome Chinese food.  Please do not expect it to be anything else.

The portions are great.  The food is good, fresh, tasty Americanized Chinese food.

Unless we are looking for Buffet, Hop Feng is our place.

The staff is friendly and polite.  The service is quick, even on Friday nights.  

Any of the "Garlic Sauce" dishes are my favorite.  The house Lo Mein is superb.  The fried dumplings are awesome. Crab Rangoons - yum! Happy Family is also great.

Before I just list the whole menu, I'll just stop...  I have never gotten anything bad there.. I dropped in to have a watch sized. The gentleman at the front was fast to buzz me through the big iron security gate. He was very polite, and took the extra links out of my new watch quickly. It was only $6 and he did it while I waited- only took maybe 5 minutes. They were also really helpful when I had questions about having a more expensive watch serviced. I plan to bring a necklace and ring back here to be sized as well. Fast, polite and inexpensive!. I have only had their pan pizzas and I love them!  If you like a crusty crust on the outside and a spongy crust in the inside, you will like their pizza.  The sauce is great too.  When I order online, sometimes they get the order wrong (like the wrong olives, or requesting 1/2 the normal cheese), but that only happened twice out of the numerous times I ordered there.  For a while I was going there so many times they knew my order.  Give this place a try and support the little local guy.. I came to Angel Sweet a few years ago when I was a virgin. A gelato virgin that is. That first time was everything I could have hoped for and far more. Unfortunately since it's all the way in Chandler and I'm all the way in northeast Phoenix, our long-distance relationship faltered. 

In the last few years many gelato places have sprung up around the valley and although I'm thankful to have a Gelato Spot a mile away from my house, I've never gotten over my first love and doubt I ever will. 

The taste, texture and presentation of the fresh-made-daily gelatos at Angel Sweet are so delicious. The portions are pretty comparable to what you'd get at Gelato Spot. I've never left unsatisfied. 

The only thing that prevents me from giving it 5 stars is the atmosphere. The interior is simple and sweet, but because it's usually busy, it's hard to relax while sitting in a table that's right next to a crowd of people. The business is in a strip mall that while clean, is a strip mall. There's nothing enticing to look at and nowhere fun to walk around to. If Angel Sweet were sitting atop a hill, overlooking the city (or maybe just in a place with a few trees and flowers) it would truly be heavenly. ;). I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. I was passing through Phoenix and decided to try this with my friend. I wasn't expecting that much in an Indian restaurant in Phoenix for some reason, but it turned out to be one of my favorite meals. Everything we ordered was top notch and with wonderful flavors. My friend especially liked the naan bread with raisins and ended up ordering some to go. The servers here were also very kind and attentive. I will definitely stop by this place the next time I am in Phoenix.. Food was ok, didn't think it was worth the price, If I order a 30+ steak I expect to finish it because it was good, which I didn't.  I did eat most though, and as a southerner I really liked the "new southern" sides, Lima bean amd corn mix with a almost bread pudding style parmesan stuffing. The atmosphere is fun, but dark! :). My first time to write a review, but not my first visit to John.  It is a wonderful occasion to come to John when nothing is hurting, but that is usually not my case.  John has worked so hard over the years and has been successful in helping to relieve my lower back and hip pain.  I think he is so very knowledgeable and that at times my sessions with him resemble that of a physical therapy session.  Because I know that my back issues are muscular, John is my First Call when I feel that Crunch!. After reading other reviews on Yelp about this place I was literally terrified to go here. However, it was the most convienent for me and I figured if it really was all that bad I could change at any time. 
I had a very pleasent experience. Everyone was more than helpful in helping me figure out what I needed to do and where I needed to go. The nurse was wonderful, she was very thorough made sure to answer all of our questions and was very kind. In the frist few words she spoke she was able to calm my nerves. 
The appointment ran much longer than expected but there were a lot of steps. So just as a forewarning - this first appointment for me ran 2 1/2 hours!. Don't let the placement in a shopping center fool you - Miro is a fantastic restaurant!  We had reservations on a Wednesday night, and the place was busy but not packed (which I appreciated since the waiting area is a bit small and awkward).

We seemed to have two different waiters, which was a little confusing, and one of them got our wine mixed up when she brought out the glasses.... but everyone has a brain lapse, so no biggie.  We skipped the appetizers and went right to the entrees.  I got the Churrasco de Cerdo ($17), which I was thankfully able to point to instead of pronounce.  The pork was wonderfully seasoned, and I loved the chimichurri sauce.  The plantains were what sold me on the dish, and there were only two, but that was probably a good thing - if there'd been 37, I would've eaten all of them.  Fella got the Puerco en Pimienta ($14) - I didn't try it, but the pork looked good, and there were a ton of mashed potatoes.

All in all, a nice, tasty dinner that feels more upscale than the location, but doesn't cost fancy prices.. While visiting Phoenix, my friend introduced me to Federal Pizza. OMG! Loved this restaurant. It was a refreshing break from all the chain restaurants in the Phoenix suburbs where we had been staying. 
Funky atmosphere. Very friendly service. Reasonable prices. The best veggie lasagna I've ever had. The polenta sticks were awesome as well.  Everyone at our table loved their food.. The best milkshake I've ever had was from here. I don't remember exactly what it was called - the lady working there recommended it. It was some type of vanilla ice cream with crushed oreos and caramel & chocolate and it was just amazing.. I came to eat breakfast here the other day. I've been here once before and I remember it being good which is why I returned again. However, this time was different because we get seated and we were told that our server will be right with us, we waited about 10 minutes before someone actually took our order. It wasn't a big deal because I noticed she was the only server so I was like okay, that's fine.

The busser was not on it. I was a before server too, and my number 1 rule was to ALWAYS keep my customers drinks full. I drank all of my water and I was not finished with my meal. He would come by and take plates from our table, but he wouldn't refill my drink for some reason. I even placed my empty cup at the end of the table as a sign to PLEASE REFILL. And instead, he came by asking if we wanted boxes. Uh no, but I'd like a refill :) 

4 stars for the food, -1 because the service is uhhhh.. Cupcake ATM??? OMG! I had to find this. I always wanted to go to Sprinkles ever since I've seen people post photos of their cupcakes and I heard about the place. But now that I heard about the ATM, the need magnified.

Sprinkles is located in the outdoor Linq Promenade on the way to the High Roller. The ATM is outside by the Sprinkles ice cream side. It has a touch screen and is a little more expensive than if you purchase inside the store so buy one for the experience and get the rest inside. It was so magical after you pay and you wait for the door to rise and you see that small pink box in the white light. It's like heaven opened its doors. Yes, my heaven will be full of cupcakes.  

We got a red velvet cupcake which was surprisingly pretty moist considering it was probably already boxed and waiting in the ATM lineup to be bought. I didn't care for the fondant on their cupcakes but I guess it was more for decoration. 

They have two sides, one for cupcake sand one for cookies and ice cream. We didn't get to try anything else since we were full but next time we will. I finally got my Sprinkles! After reading reviews, I wish I got to take some home with me since it sounds like they keep pretty well.. Today's Yelp shopping crawl brought me into this cute boutique today. The owner was very welcoming and friendly. She had a lot of cute clothes and jewelry. She also had her small dog walking around which I thought was so adorable. I picked up a Shawl Dawl ($50), a ring ($15), and after spotting some of her new arrivals behind the register, bought a soft cardigan ($45). I thought prices were reasonable for a boutique in Old Town. My only issue was the sizes seem to run small. The large tops didn't fit me and my companion who wears a small had to go up to a size large for one of the dresses. No matter, though, as I still found cute items to wear. I really love shops like this.. If you love avocado .. The avocado egg rolls are yummy. The lunch specials are also worth it - flatbread with salad or deep dish with salad! Top off with the crazy dessert that you just can't believe it pizzi- something awesome!. This is what a real spa should be.  

I booked appointments for my mom and me about 6 weeks before our visit.  2 days before our scheduled appointment, I called and tweaked the appointment and the representative I spoke to was very gracious about it.  I was told to arrive 30 minutes prior to my appointment time.

I arrived about 10 minutes prior to my appointment time.  I was quickly helped with my payment, brought into the women's side of the spa, given my robe and slippers and a quick tour before I was assigned a locker.  I changed quickly and waited in the lobby area which is full of fancy smancy couches and magazines as well as a table with coffee, tea, fruit and water with citrus and cucumber slices.  

I was called on time and introduced to my massage therapist.  I was guided to my room and asked if I had any previous injuries, areas I wanted to focus on and whether I liked soft, medium or deep tissue massage.  What followed was the greatest massage of my life.  Between the lighting, music and massage, I was completely relaxed (which almost never happens).  

After my massage, I used both saunas and the hot tub and even took a short nap on a lounge chair.  The facilities are clothing optional, so if you're not super comfortable with nudity, bring a swimsuit.  The showers are super clean and contain shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  The locker areas are equipped with supplies to style your hair and the bathroom has tampons and q-tips for spa-goers to use.  

Visiting this spa was my favorite part of my Las Vegas trip.  My only regret was only getting the 50 minute massage and not a longer one!. I had heard about this place about 6 months before I tried it out, and I'm mad at myself for missing out for so long. The food is affordable for a student on a budget, and the atmosphere is perfect for a date or group outing. It's the perfect place for students to bring their visiting parents, too.
The beer comes in sizes ranging from 4oz to 16oz, so you can try different brews if you're in the mood for that. The Tomato & Bread salad is absolutely phenomenal, and I have added chicken to it and had that as my entree on more than one occasion. This is one restaurant I really miss since graduating U of I and leaving the area.. I think that people that give bad reviews for price are not giving valid reviews.  You see the menu before you order with the price on it.  Using local fresh product isn't cheap like Niman  Ranch Pork products that are All Natural, humanely raised, and don't use hormones or antibiotics.  The burgers and shakes here are amazing and if you want a cheap over processed burger that you can leave on the kitchen counter for a year without getting moldy then go to any one of the corporate places that are on every street corner.  If you want gourmet burgers and shakes made with real non processed product then go to the Stand.   Appreciate what you eat and how it is made.   Yes you will pay for it but you won't have to worry about how it will effect your health or your families health in the future.  I flagged that dude.  Tool.. These street style tacos are delicious! The pastor with pineapple and carne asada w/ guac and handmade tortillas are my favorite. They have a little bar area and a set up for a lounge type at night, but I have only been there for lunch. The setup is a bit confusing since you have to go to different stations depending on what type of taco you want, but the staff is helpful. I think tuesdays they have taco specials.. I was in to see Lori for a 1/2 leg, full Brazilian and facial yesterday. First of all Lori is so sweet, and reassuring. The room when you walk in feels warm and comforting. It was my first Brazilian, and I was very nervous. I've heard many stories!! I must say  I didn't have much discomfort at all!! Very happy with it. 

The facial was fantastic!! I almost fell asleep :) My dermabrasion was not painful during or after. And I woke up today with tiny little pores!! Yeah!!!! I also am using her at home face regiment she hand put together for me. My skin looks amazing already!! So excited to see results after some consistent treatment. I will review again in a few weeks!! Lori is amazing!!!. Long but informative, double check your statement  before checking out.

What was supposed to be a very relaxing couple of days time off, upon check-in, our suite was not ready. Our desk clerk Lamar apologized and was trying to get us checked in as quickly as possible. He looked for any other available suites (which there were none) and said there is another suite available bigger with an upgrade $168 which he assured me was not going to be charged to us due to our room not being ready . He was very nice ,  accommodating and very professional . I am big on customer service. Thank you Lamar.

Receiving the statement, I noticed we were charged the upgrade fee of $168 per night( we stayed 3 nights) =$504 in upgrade fees. Of course I called to dispute and explained my conversation with Lamar at check-in. I was in contact with the accounts payable manager Jonathan James, who said at the time since we signed and agreed to the stay,he would NOT be able to reverse the charges. He was very argumentative, and did not seem I had a valid dispute,  upon asking to speak to his superior, (Jaime Dorado, hotel manager) he did not display the professionalism The Venetian has been known for( very disappointing).

Upon speaking to Ms Dorado she was quickly apologetic for the miscommunication and  refunded me $504 immediately 

At this level of hospitality I should not have been given the grief and lengthy tactics  Mr James had put me through .

Thank you Ms. Dorado , you get my 5 stars! I will continue to do business with The Venetian because of this and shame on you Mr James for not being able to do your job properly and have it escalated to your superior ( you get no stars). Every once and awhile I find myself @ Big Lots and when I do I usually score some pretty good deals. I get all my spices here since they are mostly a buck. I also like the seasonal stuff they get in as well. I saw they sell pink xmas trees! How rad is that? I may have to get one!
So whenever I find myself south on Eastern I stop to see what new goodies they have in..cuz ya never know!. The low carb margarita is so awesome. It's unfortunate that it's $10, but it's worth it. 

The customer service is very good. Guacamole ($5.50) and queso with chorizo ($6.50) are good, not the best but worth it.. An allergen-free/gluten-free update:

I am ecstatic to say that Burgatory now has gluten free buns for the burgers! Not only are they GF, but also egg, soy and dairy free! This is extremely exciting considering I had not had a burger with a bun in almost 2 years. Hurray!

I'll reinforce my previous reviews of Burgatory and state that they continue to take care of customers with food allergies with great care. I have been here dozens of times and I have never gotten sick once. The customer service and food is one of a kind. I'm happy to call Fox Chapel home so I can go get this burger any time I want, with a bun to boot!!. I have been here about 3 times now and have not been disappointed on any occasion. I Love, Love, Love the Chilli Cheese dog and the salads are great as well. Honestly I was a bit weirded out the first time I had the chop Salad because it had pasta in it however it was super yummy.  the fries are always tasty and well salted. I love the inside of the place it is fun and funky.. Friendly staff, military discount, good community ties, just all around good people and good popcorn. This is a great park!  its just off the 101 and 202 intersections (dobson and rio salado). This park is right next to the Mesa Riverview shopping complex and the Cubs spring training stadium. They have an area for families and kids as well as a water area that you can fish in and many walking paths. This is one of the best parks in the valley.. Nowhere can top this facility.  I really consider this my home away from home.  Every instructor is absolutely qualified to the highest level.  Martin, Liz, Marc, Janelle, Monica, Nikka....I mean everyone is fantastic.  Each person makes you feel so welcome.  They really, really care about your time spent with them.  My sister has been doing yoga for 10+ years and has been active her whole life.  I took her to Martin's TruHot Pilates class one weekend and she was hooked.  She lives in Colorado and she told me she actually experienced a bit of fitness depression because she could not find a class that matched Martin's class.  Every teacher is fantastic.  Just when I think I have plateaued or tried every class, more diverse classes are added to the schedule.  TRX/Pilates has left me sore in places I haven't been sore in for a long time.  JUST FANTASTIC.  LOVE THIS PLACE.. I've been going to Maria Elena for years and love her!  Not only is she by far the most hygienic aesthetician I've been to, she's also the loveliest!. The best donuts in Madison, hands down.  The chocolate cream filled and the Persian are my favorites, but they are all very tasty.  Their cakes, especially the whipped cream cakes, are also really good and very affordable.. Brian scarborough really made sure he knew what we wanted and didn't push us into anything. He took his time and didn't rush us to make a decision. This is our second time back and worked with Brian both times.. I just moved to this side of town and haven't shopped at F&E since I lived in Centennial Hills so I was excited to have an F&E be the nearest grocery store to me! They have changed a lot and this location isn't as big as the other location I would go to but they still have clearance items that are still fresh and the prices aren't too terrible. I just wish they would come out with new fresh meals, they still have the same old pasta and such it gets boring after awhile to eat the same thing over and over it would be nice to see more new prepped items as I have little time to cook since I work full time. Other than that, they are 24 hours which is convenient and have self check outs! I do feel bad when they have a cashier on duty, I did run into one who was like "hey I can help you over here" which made me feel awkward because I already started scanning my items and I'm happy doing the work myself especially when I wasn't buying that much.. Stopped in here after many other attempts to eat but alot of places didnt open until 5pm so in we went.    Low expectations for a bar type restaurant however this place exceeded our expectations. We sat at the bar since it was the Panther playoff weekend and the place was jam packed.   The bartenders were both great and chatty which is enjoyable when visiting a city for the first time.  We shared the ying yang shrimp, margarita flat bread pizza and the blackened brie.   All get 5 stars with the blacked brie leading the pack!  We will revisit this place next time we are in Charlotte!. First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricotta gnocchi is the best I have ever had. Service was good, Liz was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stellar. I cannot wait to go back.. I've heard that Japanese cuisine in Montreal isn't the best, but that's probably because those people haven't been here!

Get sashimi or nigiri!!! Freshest fish I've had and the plating is spectacular.

Get anything made with their housemade dashi. Their miso soup had such complexity and depth. Tempura was great, tempura sauce even better.

It's fairly new establishment so him and his staff put a lot of effort and care into the dishes they prepare. You see it, you can taste it. I was very pleasantly surprised that Montreal has a taste for the furusato. Keep it up and soon enough this place will flow in with customers.

Gochisousamadeshita!. This place is small, and kind of far from the strip, about 15 minute or more drive (farther than it looks on the map). But the food is pretty good! i love how they have like chinese, vietnamese, thai, and whatever else kind of cuisine that i forgot.

And the waiter is sooo nice! Like moving-table- for-us-cause-we-were-a-group-of-10 kind of nice. And quite welcoming :) he asked us where we were from and if we made any money yet. Haha! We were all happy with the prices and they were very accommodating with a big group. No lunch specials on weekends though but that's a given! Good service tooooo! 

Would come back here too! Try the pad see ew :). Definitely a "hole-in-the-wall" type of place... but very good, nonetheless! Lunch specials are a great deal. Plus... free unlimited refills on Thai Iced Tea? Love! I always order the Beef Satay - so yummy and is always more than enough to get me full and satisfied. :). I am pizza traditionalist - to me,  a fired Neapolitan style pizza Margherita is perfect. My husband on the other hand has been known to build pizzas that cost as much as a restaurant filet mignon because of all of the add-on toppings costs that most pizza joints charge. 

Because of my husband's proclivity for loaded pizzas, I love Fired Pie. For a very reasonable flat charge they can build you the delicious pizza of your dreams in salad bar fashion. They have enough variety of sauces, cheeses, meats, vegetables & herbs to satisfy everyone. The crusts are nice and thin and the pizza oven is blistering hot so the pizzas get turned out fairly quickly with the perfect balance of crispiness and chew. 

They also build custom salads for the same $7.95 flat price but I have yet to partake. I love Fired Pie.. SHOWS: N/A
Did not watch any show here but they are known for "Phantom of the Opera"

ROOMS: 4.4 stars
- clean & roomy
- ipod deck, robes, safe, mini bar, 2 flat screens, 1 mini tv in restroom, separate tub & shower
- the suites have a separate "living" area that has a mini office that comes equipped with fax/scanner machine and couches (great for larger parties)


CASINO: 4.5 stars
The casino is nice and easy to navigate. Their blackjack tables are $15 minimum on weekends, but on weekdays or earlier during the daytime you can find blackjack tables with $10 minimum

FOOD: 4.5 stars
I have come to realize that the Venetian has an endless amount of choices of food.  You can find fast food, cafes, casual dining, and of course fine dining as well which means you can get away with spending very little on food, or go with higher-end food establishments.

If the rooms had more of a "wow" factor, I would give this hotel a 5 star rating because with the combination of strong food/restaurant choices, casino, free entertainment around their canal shops, shopping, and shows, this is one of the best spots on the strip.The rooms at MGM Signature still beat the Venetian basic suites, I must say.. Dane County Farmer's Market is definitely the place to be on a Saturday morning. The square was jam-packed with people. Foot traffic only goes one way, so don't try to go against the flow. There are so many vendors selling everything from fresh vegetables to cheese to flowers. Definitely a lot of things to see and taste. Remember to bring a reusable bag!. I love Pita Jungle sooo much!  I go for the hummus alone, but everything else I've ordered has been fabulous.  The lentil fatoosh salad is my favorite menu item (besides the hummus trio), but the last three times I've had a special....the red quinoa salad.  OMG.  Best. Salad. Ever.  I crave this salad.  I wish they'd add it to their regular menu.. Love it. Great beer and wine collection for fair price.. Pleasant ambiance and super friendly attentive service.  

Cilantro hummous is Super Fantastico!  Fresh, creamy and nice flavor profile.  We messed up on the pita to hummous scooping ratio and they were quick to bring in warm soft reinforcements!

Bitterly regretted skipping dessert when I walked by large pans of luscious, glistening, layered love and honey.  Baklava - I'll Be Back!  Locally Owned always a PLUS!. I think this place is hit or miss.  My boyfriend and I booked a last minute Vegas Vay-Cay to hook up with some family members who were gonna be in town for a couple days.  We got decent priced rooms (under $100) less than 24 hours before our trip, and it was completely worth it.  The casino isn't very large, and location- wise, it's not in the heart of the strip, but I think there were less drunken crazies because of that, and it was still a quick cab ride to Caesar's.  Stratosphere is also just a couple blocks from the Las Vegas outlets on Charleston.

The rooms looked like they were just remodeled and had flat screen TVs and updated furniture.  Bedding and bathroom were clean, but minus one star for the weird lighting in the bathroom... I felt like I was taking a shower in the dark.

Other than that, the overall experience was great for a last minute weekend escape :). I heard from a co-worker about this Vitacost store so I decided to stop by after work.  This store has everything from teas, energy shots, vitamins, pre-work out items, to specialty food products (gluten-free, vegan, paleo, etc.) and skincare products (Obagi brand, etc.).

30 bucks later, I got myself some Lydia's Organic crackers (totally paleo), mango bars, other paleo bars, Obagi facial cleanser, several cans of organic coconut milk, Lutein capsule, ginger supplement, Healthy Greens liquid, and a couple of more skincare item.

I found things here that I could not find at Sprouts, Traders Joe, or even Whole Foods.  I will try to frequent this store once a week, at least.  I really like it.. I have been to the Compass Grill several times before...the views are amazing and the food in the past has been just ok.  However, this time I had the salmon and a wedge salad and both were prepared very well.  I am a realtor who deals with lots of out of town buyers and always recommending places to eat to clients.  Originally had tried to get in on Saturday night but they were booked till 8:00 so agreed to do Sunday.  When we arrived hostess tried to sit us in table and not in booth as we requested when I said I would wait they seamed a little put off by this...even though there were numerous booths available she said she would have to clean it and it would be about 10 minutes...I agreed this was OK and just thought it was not like they were packed and should be more accommodating when there were more seats available.  Might want to rethink your seating on slower nights as they tried to get another couple after us to sit right next to us and they declined as well wanting a more desirable table.. I liked this store even before I worked at it. It's never too crowded and the customers aren't too sketchy (as with the store up on Flamingo and Boulder) - Anyways, the clerks are always helpful.. The cosmeticians are always sweet and understanding. The pharmacy was always accurate with my prescriptions. 

Now I work there and I enjoy it. Cary the Pharmacy Manager is really efficient and pleasant to talk to.  He is very knowledgeable and remembers faces really well. Great experiences here!. Not religious? No problem! We're talking roller skating, weightlifting and weight loss.

You see, all this Yelping has helped me pack on the pounds to the point where I decided to rejoin Weight Watchers (I'm a 2-time, lifetime member, going for try number 3, sadly. More than halfway to my weigh loss goal this go-around, though!). There's a Monday night Weight Watchers meeting in the Family Life Center, which is basically a recreation center. As a result of attending the meetings, I've come to find out about all the amenities, open even to non-church members, that go on here at a really reasonable rate!

We're talking a roller skating rink (I think it's $3 including skate rental AND you can have birthday skating parties here), group fitness, free weights, a nautilus/cardiovascular room, handball/racquetball courts, a basketball gymnasium, fit express circuit, a games area and more! They even have locker rooms.

They're open Monday - Friday from 5:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. and on Saturdays from 5:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. If you're not a church member it's $30/month for individual memberships but the real deal is in the family memberships! A family of 3 or more just pays $50 month. Although there's no Family Life Center membership required to attend Weight Watcher meetings.

5 stars for building community and promoting healthy spirits AND bodies!!. Coming from NY, it's difficult trying to find a good pizza spot.... Especially one with quality food, good prices and a decent size. 

This spot is beyond good! It's great! It's definitely going to be a regular spot for me :) can't beat a GIGANTIC slice, drink and a side salad for under 8 bucks!. I've been interested in trying Poppy Den since they opened not only because I always imitate the Wicked Witch of the West when I say the name, but also because of all the good things I've heard about. Poppy. So we said yes to Brunch on Sunday with a group of friends.
The brunch menu is different than their regular menu so their are some items missing from their regular menu. But everything we had was pretty good.

I started my morning with a Honey and Hazelnut martini, it reminded me of egg nog but sweeter, I was quite pleased with my drink.
Fresh croissants to begin our brunch were good but appeared over cooked/burnt, the honey, jam and butter accompanying  them helped moisten them up. 
I was able to get another drink while we waited for food so I tried a Poppy Sling which was a good sweet drink also that I'd get again.
My husband and I decided to share the Crab Toast with Mango, General  Wings, and  Pork Dumplings. So the Crab toast was different with the sweet, acidic mango...I liked it but not awesome. The Generals Wings we both really liked...the sauce was sweet and sticky but could've been spicier. The wings were huge and perfectly fried crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. My husband liked the pork dumplings more than I did, I felt like they were over cooked. The filling was okay but nothing special. I was able to sample another diners fries with Kim-cheese dipping sauce, I wish we would've ordered some, they were tasty.
We all shared and sampled a trio of  their Ice  cream with Potato Chips...they sealed their 4 stars in there! Miso Toffee was my favorite, the Strawberry was good but just like strawberry ice cream anywhere, and The Lemon Poppy seed ice cream came in second for me.

All of the staff was very friendly and attentive from start to finish. The decor was cool, it set a good vibe but not sure if it goes with the food. I may go back, I may not. It's not a place that's calling me back.. When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.

The hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.  

Service was extremely attentive from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.

We ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire NYE prix fixe menu. None of the eight dishes disappointed! The first courses were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!

The second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.

Lake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Veal Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to perfection. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!

Finally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.

Our experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!. Had simple bacon, egg, and cheesy grits, and it was all divine.  Best breakfast I'e had to date.. THE FOOD WAS SO DELISH LIKE ALWAYS! Shout out to our server DONNA!!!! You were great! Thank you for the great service!. Service was fast, server was great, I don't see why so many people on here write bad reviews about this place,will be returning. I went there for brunch and I got a dieter's menu...LOVED IT! The homemade bread, sweet potato fries and homemade jam were quite tasty and the entire meal was a great portion! For dessert, we decided to try their blueberry pie. It was wonderful! The blueberries were fresh and the pie was flaky. 

Service was a little slow, but they were very friendly and happy to serve. But, food came out quite quickly and was fresh! I definitely will be going back!. I've got a serious addiction to Thai Style Noodle House.  I've been here an embarrassing number of times and I don't think that I will be letting up any time soon.

I can't say I would have ever tried this place if it wasn't for Yelp.  It's tucked away from the main road and is just a tiny little space with only a few tables.  And, let's face it, Chinatown isn't exactly vegetarian-friendly.  Luckily I have Yelp to fill me in - not only is this place good but it has a separate vegetarian menu as well! With a ton of items to pick from!! 

I really enjoy the Panang Curry but I have a spot in my heart for Spicy String Beans.  I don't know why I love it so much and I'm starting to question if they load it with nicotine before they give it to me.  It has a lot of flavor and the veggies are always fresh.  My husband switches between Yellow Curry, Spicy Noodles, and Thai Fried Rice and loves them all.  We've also had the Tom Kha soup and Vegetarian Dumplings and they were great as well.  Don't worry, my non-vegetarian friends, there are plenty of choices for you and everyone I've seen dining at the restaurant seems to enjoy their meals.

Things to keep in mind: The place is very small so expect a wait during lunch and dinner rush.  Also, the tables can be a little tight so if you don't like eating close to strangers you may want to come at an off-time.  Finally, and most importantly, they are not joking around with the spice here.  I usually order a "medium" everywhere I go and am fine with it and can usually go spicier.  Here, I get a 3 out of 10.  And there have been a handful of times where it was still too spicy for me.  I say to err on the side of caution- you can always add more chili to your food later.

So, vegetarians, rejoice!  There is another restaurant for you to add to your arsenal.  Just make sure to specify "no fish sauce."  While they are usually good about it without needing to say anything, we did have one experience where fish sauce added to our meals.

If you ever find yourself in Chinatown looking for a new place to try, get your butt on over to Thai Style.  Just don't be hogging my table during the lunch rush!. I recently bought a Halocouture Hair Extension that I love, but my natural hair did not blend well with the cut I had. Since I spent a good bit of money on my Halo I wanted to make sure that it didn't get too cut up in the process of blending my hair with the extensions. 

After reading many yelp reviews, I decided on giving the Parlor a try and am extremely happy I did!! From start to finish I have no complaints at all! 

When I called I spoke with Randie, she was extremely sweet and patient in listening to why I was making an appointment. After explaining what I wanted, she suggested I make an appointment with Cole.

When I arrived at the Salon this morning, the first thing I noticed was a little sign that had my name listed welcoming me as a new customer (a very cute little touch in addition the the salon's already great atmosphere).   I was warmly welcomed and offered water/coffee. When Cole came to greet me he was professional and personable. He listened as I explained what I wanted and gave me exactly that! My hair now blends in so nicely with my Halocouture and he was able to keep most of the length! 

I think one of my favorite things about The Parlor was the positive vibe! When Cole asked for another stylist (I did not catch her name) to help by blow drying my extensions not only was she quick to do so, but Randie also offered to help. Both Randie and the other stylist were so friendly!  

When I asked Cole about his time as a stylist and at the Parlor, he spent a lot of time talking about how much he loves it and all the exciting things The Parlor is doing (including Fashion Week). It was such a pleasant experience to see how passionate he is about his profession and The Parlor. 

I've never been one to have a stylist or salon,honestly,  usually I just go wherever is convenient and cheap but am glad to say I'm official a fan of The Parlor and Cole! And will be a repeat customer for sure!. I am so lucky to have met Stephanie, aesthetician at Dr. Geoffrey Leber's office.  She has helped my skin tremendously!  She has been my skin expert for the past year.  I now get compliments all the time on my skin, and although it was not bad before, it now smoother than ever with a healthy glow.  I love the level of professionalism and knowledge on all skin treatments and products.  I am always confident that I am getting treatments that are in the best interest of my skin, rather than what is best for their bottom line.  I would highly recommend a consultation so you can learn about all the cutting edge options they offer.. Wow.

My husband and I went to Old Towne yesterday and saw this little gem, but I had already agreed we'd pay homage to HIS heredity and have Phó (that review is also included!).  But, we tucked this in the back of our minds and I'm glad we did!

The staff was an extremely pleasant woman who was fluent in English, Polish, and French.  She was sweet, attentive, and knew the city like the back of her hand.  She recommended our vodka and suggested to accompany it with apple juice, a "chaser" if you will.  She said it was "how the Polish do it", so why not?  When in Rome.....It was smooth, strong, and I felt content immediately.  The turpentine aftertaste (all vodka does to me, regardless of brand, but some better than others!) was immediately quashed by the sweetness of the juice.  I will never drink vodka any other way hereafter!

I am an embarrassment to my Polish and Irish heritage - I hate cabbage (!) - so I went with the pierogies.  Cheese.  My husband was easily swayed into the  gobki.

My dish came artfully arranged with a sprinkle of dill, a heaping side of sauerkraut and carrot shaped into a rosette.  My husband's order was accompanied by a cucumber/dill sauce mix and sliced boiled potatoes.

The pierogies tasted like my Babçi came back to life and got work in their kitchen.  Very authentic.  Dipped in the side bowl of sour cream, it was delicious!

My husband inhaled his dish (and half of mine) within seconds, which usually is a sign he likes it.  The gobki appeared to have an abundance of ground meat, which is a nice change from the rice-laden  cabbage rolls I usually see.  He stated the tomatoes were an excellent topping, as it was a bit dry inside of the roll.  He found the cucumber/dill muxture to be divine.  Not his words, but "wicked good" isn't exactly poetry, but a good description nonetheless!

The ambience is divine and the bar nicely stocked.  (side note: the building's side door also gives access to bathrooms without going through the restaurant). Our waitress informed us live music is usually at the restaurant nightly of we wanted to cone back for dessert and Polish coffee (coffee with vodka....of course!)

The menu may have been simple and don't offer a huge array of options, but sometimes that can be overwhelming.  So points today for simplicity.

If you are a fan of Polish food - this is authentic as it gets.  A MUST when in Montreal and desire something different than American and after a few days in Quebec, something different than French!. Great customer service, easy process, highly recommend using this storage facility.  The place is very clean, they have specials
For holiday weekends
So be on the look out. But overall a great experience.. I love this place! too bad its closed on Sundays!

Everything I have tried is delicious! Burritos, Nachos (OMG), street tacos, regular tacos, salads, shrimp cocktail, the corn is AMAZING! you ask for the corn to be shaved in a bowl, which reduces messiness. My office catered it in one day and everyone loved it! its way better than chipotle food, however i don't think its as healthy.

they also have a different variety of drinks/waters. The lemon chia is my favorite. Def try it!. Government efficiency at its finest.

We had actually submitted a pre-application so we could use the express queue. Yes, there is an express queue, how awesome is that? It was surprisingly quiet (I've heard the queue can be out the door around the corner, so do the pre-application). 

We walked right up to a free window, gave our reference number, ID, paid for the license and BAM, we were licensed to wed! They even give you, get this, a souvenir license. It's not legal proof but a nice way to help you remember when you sober up that indeed you did get married :). The food and drinks were great. We had the fish tacos & the beer battered fish & chips. The only con I would say would be the pigeons walking & flying around praying you drop some crumbs.. Food was good, good pricing on food, server was good also. Cons were that it was freezing so definitely take a sweater(workers did turn off fans around us after we asked, but it was still very cold). We went at 9pm(they close at 10) it was ssoo dark at our table that we had to use our phone flash lights to see the menu and even stuff on the table. I don't recommend going at the end of the night cause you'll get looks from workers as if they want you to leave (felt a little rushed and awkward). AND I actually recommended going there and took family tonight with kids and mentioned the cotton candy we can get at the end so the kids were excited about it, to come to find out that they turned off the machine so we couldn't get any. Which I would think if you see we have 3 kids with us you could make at least some for them before closing. But I guess it was just bad timing. recommended but not 1- 1 1/2 hrs before closing.. The lomo saltado was phenomenal.   The service was prompt, efficient and friendly.  I will do it again soon.. This is my spot! The nail techs are creative and are particular about the quality of their work.  They don't skimp on process or product.  If you want polish that lasts with no lifting, clean implements and reasonable prices, this is your spot!. I've been here on a few occasions and have never been let down. Great Thai for a great price.. The terrasse is now finally OPEN! I sat out here last night and had a lovely chill time on their very cool bleachers. The only down side? It was hard to see the tv showing the playoffs from there, but whatever: it's still an awesome option and the service is still fantastic.. Love this place !!! Drive thru 5 days a week and relax inside on the weekend !! Reg sugar free mocha latte.  Yum Andover that lactose free milk is an option.  The staff is great too !! :-). I've heard everyone talk about this place over and over, so we decided to give it a try. It was THE BEST pizza I've ever had. We ordered the white truffle pizza which was to die for! It didn't take super long to cook, and our waitress was very attentive. We had gone to Humble Pie the week before to try pizza and were not impressed, so we're happy to now have a spot where we live that we LOVE. The atmosphere is so cute and intimate with the dim lighting. Perfect date spot. And you HAVE to save room for the dessert crepes!!. Today was Bread & Butter's soft opening weekend! The girls are super nice along with the owner, Chris! This is such a cozy, chill place to grab breakfast! By looking at the all the pictures, my favorite was their breakfast pizza. A combination of thinly sliced potatoes and eggs, its an excellent healthy, non-greasy breakfast dish! The bagels are a mixture between Einstein (really soft) and Brooklyn Bagel (firm), as i took a bite of his plain bagel, the crust is crunchy, while the inside part was really moist and soft.... mmm....I love small mom & pop stores because they bring such warmth to the environment & food. I would recommend anyone to go here! Oh btw, the owner, was the former executive pastry chef @ Bouchon & owner of Lulu's on the Move (food truck) so you know everything they have to offer is legit! I was speaking with him and he is offering pulled pork sandwiches from 6-10 tonight, ill be there!!!!. Great food and great service! The decor isn't the greatest but the food and service makes up for that!! Never have had a bad experience with anything we have tried.. Love this buffet. Especially since it's always free b/c of comps. I think it's kinda spensive otherwise but still worth it! They've already cracked open your crab legs for god's sake!

Love the dessert room. mmmmmmmmm. The salon was extremely facilitating as i had to reschedule a couple of times. Lovely relaxing atmosphere. I had a deep tissue massage (unfortunately didn't get his name) and it was one of the best massages Ive had. He concentrated on my problem areas and was v knowledgable and insightful. Will def go back. Delicious and great selection!  There was four of us and we were full with food to take home. There was a good variety of banchan and everyone was super helpful.. We absolutely love this restaurant!  We usually frequent it during happy hour or before a movie, and enjoy the nachos and/or quesadillas.  We ALWAYS have exceptional service, and most recently, Suzie has been our server in the bar area.  She's the most pleasant server we've had in a long time, and I felt she deserved to be mentioned here.  

In addition to remembering what we drink each time, she's always quick to ask us if we'd like another before we have to ask her. Also, if we request a side of hot sauce or ranch or anything else, she or another staff member are always quick to bring it to us.

The other staff members are equally friendly and helpful, and the food is always fantastic. Being vegetarian, it isn't always easy to find quality meat-substitutes, especially in a sports bar and chicken restaurant, but BWW has a tasty selection served with a smile.

Thanks, BWW, for always assuring a great experience with a super staff and excellent food.

We'll be back!. Thank you Nikki for putting on another spectacular Yelp event for the entire community. Love the concept of Doc Porter's Distillery of "Grain to Glass". The wheat grass they use is from Charlotte.

The tour started at front of the establishment with the history of how Doc Porter's started it all. Best part was going through the sections of the distillery, with cool contraptions, and seeing their production facility. Everything perfectly mapped out. Definitely one smooth operation going on here and Best of Luck to Andrew and Liz for welcoming us to their distillery. The fun part was at the end of the tour-you get to bottle your own Vodka.

After bottling the Vodka, we headed towards the tasting room and had a sample of Vodka. Step aside Grey Goose, and Stoli here comes Doc Porter's Vodka for it's buttery and smooth taste.. The best pho in town! Been getting my hangover cure here for a very long time! Than, the sweet cashier girl is always so nice and remebers you everytime! 
My favorites are:
Shrimp chips and spring rolls as an ap.
Large rare beef pho, beef on side and extra limes.
yummmmmmmmy!. Burgers?  And sushi?  In the same restaurant?  Whoa - what an amazing concept!  Seriously, this place just might be heaven.  Or a very close, very busy facsimile.  Either way, despite its flaws, I love the Cowfish.  

This place, apparently, is almost always busy.  We came here on a Sunday afternoon at like 3:30, and we still had to wait 25 minutes for a table.  Apparently lunch doesn't end until 4:00, which we didn't know, but we got seated just in time to get served "lunch" (which was a total hurray moment for us).

Once we got seated, everything was smooth sailing.  Well, sort of.  The biggest problem was narrowing down the plentiful menu to decide what we wanted.  We finally decided to order the coconut battered onion rings.  I have to say, these were pretty darn tasty, and the sweet chili sauce with it was pretty yummy as well (my partner says the same thing about the wasabi aioli, but I'm not a horseradish person).  Unfortunately, these would have been better had we gotten them as an actual appetizer, but the kitchen was backed up and we didn't get them until after we'd gotten our entrees.  Still, they were delish.

We decided we both wanted burgers and sushi, but we couldn't decide if we wanted one of their lunch bentos.  We decided to get a sushi combo and burger separately, and then we split them.  We decided to get the Arnold Hamandegger, which was pretty good.  The meat in the burger was very moist and flavorful, but the overall burger was not as impressive as the patty itself.  We also decided to get the Spicy Crunchy Roll combo, which was pretty good as well (although not very spicy).  I decided to add some sriracha to the rolls, and they were really good.  The fish in the roll was awesome, but again, the overall roll was not as impressive.

Their sides are superbly delicious.  I had the sweet and spicy Thai cucumbers, which were very delicious and just the right level of spiciness.  I also had the edamame, which were perfectly cooked and seasoned to bring out their awesome buttery flavor.  

Additionally, they offer some really wonderful sounding drinks and dessert, but we did not get any.  Next trip I will definitely have to try some of that.

Service was pretty good, with the exception of getting our appetizer late.  Our server was attentive and nice, so I can't complain (it wasn't her fault anyway).  They do have a pretty big waiting area, and you can also sit around the bar.   Parking does not seem like a problem; while you can't always find a spot in that plaza, there is plenty of mall parking very close, so you don't have to walk too far.  The decor is bright and fun, but it tends to be very loud in there.  I could barely near my partner talking, and he sat right in front of me at the table.

As far as prices go, they are a little pricey, but you also get quality food for your money.  You can expect to pay about $10-15 per person at lunch time, and more like $15-25 per person at dinner time, depending on what you order (not including drinks or dessert).

If you come here before dinner time, you can make a reservation, in case you don't want to wait.  They take reservations every day from 11-6, which seems pretty helpful if you like to eat early, but you still have long waits if you want to eat at a later time.

All in all, this place has good ingredients, good food, and good service.  However, expect it will probably be busy and loud, even if you go at an "off" time.. I'm not a huge beer person so I can't speak too expertly on that but I will say I loved everything I did try! And the "beer people" I went with looooved it too.

I wanted to comment on the food though.. FANTASTIC!!! I forget the name of what I had, but it was some of sirracha and egg burger and it was MIND BLOWING! Only wish that I wasn't already so full because I couldn't finish it! Haha and so my husband did the deed for it. 

It's reasonably priced, the staff was very friendly, so I give 5 stars for an overall great experience. Check them out!. Love this store! Comparable to pier 1. Prices are kinda on the high side but their stuff is cool. They also have unique food and beer/wine.. Tacos El Gordo is the only authentic Mexican food shop I would recommend in Vegas. The lines may be ridiculously long and all of the seating may be outdoors, but the food is worth it. The meat is sliced right in front of you and you can get all the extras (like pineapple) for free.
Each line is for a different type of meat. Make sure to read the signs! I hate being in restaurants where I don't understand the menu/how to order/what to order. Tacos El Gordo is exactly that, so bring a friend that knows what they're doing! The tacos are small-- 10 tacos for a guy is a good start.. I love this coffee shop! They have a lot of options for drinks and the prices are pretty reasonable. I'm not a big pastry person but my husband tried one and said it was excellent. We've also tried a couple of their sandwiches and they were also really good. They had unique Italian style sandwiches with yummy toppings on really good bread, not just a boring turkey & cheese. I haven't been yet in the evening but they do live music and have a large wine selection with San Tan Brewing beers on tap.

Bonus! It has a drive thru that I never even noticed the first few times I went.. Excellent endroit! La bouffe est excelente, le service rapide et l'ambiance est tres cool! Je recommande vraiment si vous voulez passer une belle soiree!!!. This is some of the most authentic Italian pizza I've had in Phoenix The crust is baked to perfection, and the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. 

I've been twice and enjoyed the romantic courtyard seating both times.  It's perfect for a date night, but also great for a dinner with friends and family. 

As for portion size, the pizzas are big enough to split, especially if you get an appetizer. Save room for dessert as well! Last time I was looking for something smal and tried the cioccolatino--it was amazing! 

The only thing I would hope for is a more expanisve menu--maybe offering the sandwiches for dinner as well. Cibo does mean "food" in Italian, after all. :) I'd love to see what their pasta would be like!. One of my fave places to get my Mexican food fix when I was living out in Charlotte back in 07-08. My roomie and I loved their tacos and salsa bar. I always got chicken and steak tacos...yummers.
I remember it being kinda dark inside so I always opted for the cute little patio tables outside to sit and enjoy the fresh air and nice weather.
I think about this place whenever I get nostalgia for Charlotte.. Taps had it's soft opening last night for its 2nd location at Park West.  The place was absolutely packed!  But thankfully not so much that I couldn't find a seat.  They had a great live band playing and the food was really good.  I had the MacBites (fried macaroni & cheese balls with a sweet cheese sauce on the side) to start, followed by the Beet & Mozzarella salad which also had blueberries in it.  I never would've thought to eat beets and blueberries together but it was a great combination.  Then I had their CapreTasty Tart, which was chicken and pesto sauce in a yummy baked crust with some really good sauce on top.  It was really good!  I also tried my friend's vegetarian tart, the Kahlua Mushroom and it was very tasty!  Last but not least we finished it off with a huge skillet chocolate chip cookie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and chocolate and caramel sauces.  So yummy!!. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas - the ambiance can't be matched. Sitting outside (all of the tables are outside) overlooking a lake in Desert Shores at twilight can't be beat! And then there is the food - the food is always excellent! I have yet to have a meal that hasn't been well enjoyed. The service is always great - the servers help to make the night feel effortless! I will continue to come to this restaurant as often as possible!. Super friendly and reasonable!!! My yorkie and poodle look great! I've been seeing the same groomer for years but it's difficult to get in. Thought I would try somewhere new, happy I did.. This place just opened up on this side of the neighborhood.  It tastes like regular donuts.. I don't think it's anything special.  I like the donuts. It's not greasy and not too sweet.  I love supporting small businesses..so if you're on this side of town, then give them a try.  You'll like it.

By the way, the Korean owners are very nice and sweet.. Bob was great today! Very thorough  and knowledgeable. He explained the process and then walked me through my unit and his process. I would definitely recommend to anyone in need of a home inspection.. excellent trendy and witty items- something for everyone. customer service is excellent- antonio b was so awesome and helpful locating and pricing an item for me. thank you for going the extra mile with a smile. i will be back!. The Archi's Thai restaurants in Las Vegas are my "go-to" restaurants for myself and my visitors, who have never been disappointed and ask to go there again at their next visit.  I love the Country Curry at Archi's Thai Kitchen, as well as the vegetable fried rice. I like what my friends order as well.   I am vegetarian and there are plenty of vegetarian choices.  The waitresses are good and always ask me if egg is okay (in the fried rice), since they are familiar with a vegetarian's needs.  They refill the drinks often.  Although I definitely know true Thai food (I ate homemade Thai food nearly daily for seven years that was prepared by many different immigrant Thai women) I like Archi's because I can order the amount of spice I need, versus eating the usually very spicy food at the center I attended nearly daily.   It might be a little "Americanized" with some dishes, but as long as my guests love it, and I love it,  I don't care.  I usually see a few Thai families at Archi's, though predominantly a mixture of other races.  It is a pleasant demographic. What I really love most about Archi's is the consistently very, very fresh vegetables and food.  I also like that the Clark County Health Department gives "A" grades to Archi's (I stay up on that).  I took visitors to Archi's a few months ago but it was too busy at lunch, so I took them down the street to a more expensive well-known Thai restaurant that has had good Las Vegas Review Journal reviews in many years past) and it was definitely not fresh food like I get at Archi's, and that is an understatement.  If Archi's is a little more Americanized in that way it is  okay with me.  I have ordered Archi's take-out for parties at home and it is always a big hit.. Walked in on a Tuesday at noon and the restaurant was completely empty. Made my decision on what to order quickly because I had checked out the online menu beforehand. I was impressed they offered tofu, most fast food teriyaki places don't. 

The cashier was at her register and saw us (we made eye contact) yet continued a conversation in Spanish with one of the cooks for a few minutes before deciding she had the time to take my order. She took our order with no enthusiasm, thank God we didn't have any questions about the menu I am not sure she would have been of much help. 

After paying (prices are fair for sizes) we went to sit outside. The chairs were chained so close together to the table they were unusable! The edge of the chairs were pressed up against the table, so if you have legs you couldn't sit in them. Whatever, strike 2, we will sit inside. 

The food came out fast and she delivered it to our table, which I like better than standing around like a lost boy until my number is called. The tofu was cooked very well and the portions were good! My boyfriend got the large size Sweet & Sour Chicken. He felt that he just got more rice than a small size would have instead of more rice & chicken. But it tasted good! The carrots were a little undercooked for my taste but I am very picky about that. Overall I was very impressed with the food (for $7 a meal I can't complain much) and will be returning a lot as it is close to my work! 

A big plus, when I checked in on Yelp I was contacted about my remarks about the unsatisfactory service and was offered not only help but a free meal. This is much appreciated and not only do they keep my business I will tell others about the wonderful customer service I received via Yelp.. Sleek Remedies has organized my kitchen cabinets, closets and entryways multiple times & when they leave my place looks like a million bucks! I would HIGHLY recommend S|R to all my friends.. Sometimes the wait is long...but it's so good. If you don't like coleslaw, get double bread and butter both sides!!!!  Delish!. Just for 25 cents more.. This is waayyy better than subway. I love places like this where I can create my own meal. And best thing is they cook it and bring it to life. 

I've come here twice and so far everything I ordered was really delicious. I wasn't sure if I was to thank myself for creating the order or them for making it.. They have these menus with corresponding numbers to the bags you choose. Basically, you choose what meat you want and they're categorized from chicken, beef, ham and seafood. Then, you choose your toppings. Everytime I come to a sandwich spot.. I always look for two things; avacado and alpha sprouts. They had avacado but no sprouts :( but it's all good cus they have so many toppings to be just worrying about one topping.  They have their own house chips which are ruffled and seasoned with black pepper and salt. The size of these genius sandwiches are definitely filling.

I love the name itself. The staff always seems to be friendly and excited to see what people have invented. This place is an endless wonder of new things.. This business is by far the best place to take your car! The owner was very knowledgeable and friendly.  This is a high end place without ridiculous prices. They don't try and scam you into buying things you don't need or want like most places. I would trust them with my car any day!. Had dinner here after seeing Zumanity as it is right outside the New York New York. Got a great patio seat which was thankfully heated on the chilly night we went. Great drinks and nice meal. Wide menu variety (my friend had a nice breakfast omelette, I had tacos). Service was great. Would demurely go back.. Ordered online for pick up!  They email me back in 24 hours and confirmed the order.  Got there to pick up, said my name, and POOF the bundtinis were ready and boxes up.  They asked when we are eating them, I told them it is the next day Thanksgiving.  They took the boxes back to wrap them in clear wrap to keep the moisture in.  They were a hit on the dessert table.  :). Responsive and professional. Called Omar on Sat, he scheduled quote for front yard clean up on Mon morning. Arrived as he said he would. His demeanor & quote sold me. Will definitely call again.. I used to work here and I have to tell you that I wish i still did.  The food here is awesome!!  They have a cafe and a fine dining area for lunch.  The food is phenomenal.  I only gave it 4 stars because it is really hard to find.. Would be a five star but the service is not great and some guy proceeded to have full working conversation during our meal.  

The servers are too focused on their own tables and not helping others by getting the food out.  I saw my sandwich sit ready for 5 minutes.  While my server was busy and the other server just looked at it.  

That being said.  The food was amazing.  Pork Bao and short rib grilled cheese must have.    Pass on fries. Just ok.  

I will come back for food and can hope service is better and other diners work at their office instead of restaurant.. Solo Menswear is for the fashion conscious male and they have a great selection of fashionable, inoffensive guys fashion on offer. When I say inoffensive, I mean that there's not a pair of skinny jeans in sight or Lady Gaga inspired pieces for guys wardrobes. The clothes here a pretty clean cut and rather suave. 

At the back of the store there's a whole wall dedicated to trainers and I spotted a lot of nice brogues that are a bit more imaginative than the likes of Foot Locker and Foot Asylum etc.

They had a couple of nice checked shirts in the window and pretty much all of the threads are designer labels that aren't stocked everywhere such as Religion and Ed Hardy.. Great food, great drinks, clean, and good customer service.. We came into Coronado for brunch/lunch around 1pm on a Sunday.  It was fairly empty and we were seated right away by a very friendly server.  Their menu looked delicious, especially the sandwiches, but since I had just survived both Pizzeria AND Pane Bianco, I made an educated decision to cut the carbs/dairy for a minute.  My friend and I split the Crabby Benedict (eggs benny with crab and avocado on a slice of foccacia)  and the Chicken Salad (chicken salad atop mixed greens, that is).  OK, so the crabby isn't technically void of carbs/dairy, but whatevs...it was a small enough portion.   I really, really loved the crabby - it was a perfect mix of flavors and textures - very nicely done.  The chicken salad I was not crazy about, however.  I think it had a little too much cilantro and another seasoning (couldn't detect exactly what) for my taste.  But it was definitely quality white-meat chicken - and they gave you a large portion of it - for only $9, so you gotta give props to that.  I pay up to $14 for salads in San Diego and they are basically a bag of romaine lettuce with a 0.5 ounce piece of chicken.  The cafe itself is in an old craftsman home with lots of charm...very cute!. I was craving snow cream/shaved ice for a while so my boyfriend decided to take me here. The ordering system is the same as all the other shaved ice places (pick your flavor of snow, choose 3 toppings, and choose a sauce) so it was easy to figure out what I wanted even though it was my first time. I decided on getting the strawberry snow cream with mango, cherry popping pearls, mochi, and condensed milk.

I. Was. In. Heaven.

The texture of the snow itself as you grab it with your spoon was a little annoying at times, as it literally looked like powder, but the taste was mouthgasmic. It was creamy and sweet, their mochi was made from gods, and everything just came together perfectly. I highly recommend trying it!. Super hot today and so many cranky kids at the toy store!  Went in on a mission to find Cars toys for my son for being well behaved at a bridal store.  The display was right at the front near the register.  Had a sale today for a buy $25 any car toys and receive a free Lightning McQueen die cut car...score!  Bought $30 worth of cars and since the store ran out of the free car, they gave me another similar car for free.  Great customer service here!  I remember buying a kitchen for my son last Christmas and the one we wanted was out of stock so they gave us one that was worth about a couple hundred more for the same price!!!!  Great store...does what it takes to keep customers leaving happy:). Our favorite spot during football season especially. Everyone is so friendly and the food awesome. We always get the wings and the wonton wrapped cheese sticks with are awesome. Burgers are delicious and the ziparitas are too.. I have seen the sign for the Rusty Onion up for several months and was very excited to see that it finally opened. After reading several reviews we were a little hesitant to try it but chalked those poor reviews up to grand opening jitters.
I'm glad we tried it out. I'm pretty sure the owner of the restaurant held the door open for us and welcomed us in. We were promptly seated and greeted but our super sweet waitress. We ordered a large pizza half mac & cheese and the other half Philly Cheesesteak. I really enjoyed my half of the mac & cheese. It was very flavorful and delicious. My husband enjoyed his Philly but suggested adding some A1 sauce.  The music was fun, the restaurant was clean and looked really nice, and service was great. I will definitely return!. Delicious, authentic Korean food, quick service, prices  reasonable, clean restroom, highly recommend!. The food here is delicious! I  had the hibachi with white rice and a delicious creamy sauce. Loved it!. I am a bit of a foodie. I love quality and fresh foods. Their delivery is just that. 
Everything I have tried is fantastic, so I imagine everything on the menu is delicious (unless you order a dish that has something you won't eat, haha). 
My go to is the BBQ shrimp -- So good! The smoothies are wonderful, and, of course, the Thai iced tea is phenomenal.. Everything at Monterey Bay is executed from high-quality ingredients and with near perfection. I've never had a bad waiter - even average - and service is always prompt. I recommend making a reservation in the attempt to get a coveted seat by the hug bay windows; however, check out the bar downstairs, as the views are also amazing, and there is normally no wait time to just eat there. Dinner at Monterey Bay is a sure thing: You're sure to have a delicious meal, excellent service, and amazing views.. Had to go back for more diagnostics. Truly, utterly AMAZING!!!  Wayne, you are a wonderful business owner with integrity.  Thank you for taking care of my crossfire.. I came here at about 430pm, and thankfully there was no line. Definitely not a place to go if you and all six of your friends decide you want to eat together. You'll be hungry forever! 

Baseline offerings are affordable, but in a way its like an American airline- you get nickeled and dimed for every additional item, including an egg. By the time you've built the bowl of your dreams, you're probably pushing a few bucks extra than what you thought you'd be! 

The meat here is melt-in-your-mouth and fall apart tender. Really good. The egg is quite tasty as well.  I can tell that the food here is cooked meticulously and with pride when watching the guys cooking your noodles. That being said, I don't think it was really that exciting or remarkable. I got the shoyu ramen with less sodium in it, and the noodles and flavor weren't as good as Ramen Sora's.

If you had to pick one of the two to try, I would try Ramen Sora. The atmosphere at Monta reminds me more of a cold winter day in Japan in a packed ramen house, but I like my American elbow room! Also, the flavors are brighter and portions are bigger at Ramen Sora. ;). After waiting patiently for my home warranty to come through for 2 months, I finally gave up.  Thankfully I was referred to 24/7 Electrical & would highly recommend them.   They did my repair in less than an hour.   They came out  gave me a free estimate & were back the next day & completed the work.   I only wish I found them sooner.  This is honestly the best electrical company in Las Vegas & I will be calling them and only them from now on. Thank you so much!. Painfully slow, but kind service.

Four of us walked in around 8pm last night for dinner (without a reservation) and we were seated right away. Before our asses even hit the bench a waitress placed a large salad bowl, basket of bread, and small plate of mixed olives and pearl onions on the table. Thank god for that, because it was a solid 20 minutes before she returned to take our order. That includes drinks! 

So- 20 minutes later and finally a waitress arrives to take our order. I got the mussels,  and holy crap were they deeelicious. Without a doubt, some of the best cooked mussels I've ever had. And on top of it, there were enough on my plate to last a lifetime (see my pictures). 

Sister got the 6oz filet mignon, which FYI does not come with a side. Dad got the half chicken and mom got the scallops. 

For dessert we shared the crepe suzanne w/chocolate ice cream- do it. Mom claims her cappuccino was incredible.

We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and (despite the service) would absolutely return.. Food is good, but I wasn't too impressed. Maybe it was just what I got. I'll have to try more of their food to decide...However, the service wasn't all that great either. The crunchy spicy tuna is really good though & so are the jalapeno firecrakers.. But even the things that were really good, I think I could get at another restaurant for a better value.. This office exceeds expectations in every sense of the word. They were great all around. My foster son needed a lot of dental work. They were quick and great. The doctors made him feel special and helped keep him calm and relaxed during the visits. The front office ladies are sweet as can be and helpful. I would make the drive wherever you are for this office.. What a fun place!!!  We decided to head here for our first night in Vegas and had a blast.  The tables are cheaper here and so are the drinks. The video screen roof is totally impressive and they play cool stuff on there all night.  They had a couple of bands playing while we were there and lots of cool vendors as well. The only downside was there was a lot of homeless people that kept asking for money, but it wouldn't stop me from absolutely spending an evening there again.. I only come here a couple times a year whenever I visit Vegas. 

Whenever I go there is usually only one worker at the front and every year I go, he's always extremely friendly and has a good sense of humor.

There are SO many lanes! when there isn't any league it's pretty empty..it maybe it just feels that way because no one is really close to each other.. Good food and good service. We came for lunch and the specials were really good. Calamari is very tasty. Sheri is such a professional in her industry! She has the best work ethics and makes sure customers like myself are well taken care of! Sheri is delightful and always with a smile! She will make sure to help you find the best unit and its location suitable to your needs!

Jennifer Reichman
Scottsdale resident. Excellent service! I thought I needed a new bumper, but the owner said it could be repaired for under half that price. My bumper looks brand new. They didn't try to sell me any other services. Was finished at the time and price quoted. Will definitely use again. I highly recommend them!. Oxtail Soup Special located inside the California Hotel/Casino
Late night restaurant, well-priced diverse menu, plenty of seating..

After a drunken night in Vegas my friend and I decided to check out MSC.  "12th st. and Ogden" is where the navi directed us and our cab driver who spoke very little English dropped us off on Main and Ogden.. he would not take us any further down what he described as "no no homeless drugs and criminal - danger!" After several failed attempts at finding help.. a janitor offers to give us a lift on his flatbed.  The  dropped us off on 6th and Ogden and having grown up in LA, we figured we'll just walk 6 blocks in the ghetto - no big deal.  chain fences, 7th st.,  guard dogs, 8th st.,crack houses, 9th st., blinking street lamps.. 10th st., darkness.. okay maybe our cab driver was right but we are so close.  "AY you two come here!"  we turn around and a homeless drug-addled, crazy man is running towards us. We run towards 12th street and there's nothing there!.. we loop around in an attempt to lose him and dart towards a lone security guard sitting on a bench.  Well anyways around 6:00 AM we somehow make it to the Market Place Cafe inside the California hotel located on the corner of Main and Ogden.  It was a fun adventure, the food could've been a little better but the price is right and the atmosphere is warm and comforting especially in this lonely city of sin.. Good price, good food!  I love it! I spend 16$ for me and my daughter, everything taste fresh. Good experience for my first time at the Chipotle, my daughter want to go back tomorrow to have lunch again out there.. Loved the Queso. My family recently dined at Loco the food was good and we had a great time and our sever Katherine was engaging and very friendly. We will definitely be back for Sunday football and those Mimosas. For those of you who want something delicious and authentic, I highly recommend you try out Shangri'La.  This place has been around as long as I have (ok, I am only 26, but still!).  For as old as it has been around, the quality still remains the same.  

On my last visit, I ordered the seared dumplings, sizzling soup, and some kind of sizzling peppered steak.

The soup arrived promptly.  Nothing better then hearing that spppplash of rice in the hot soup.  This soup needed no additional seasonings (with the exception of pepper, which I add to everything).  It was perfectly salted, perfectly heated, and filled with hearty vegetables and meats.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the shrimp in the soup.  It did not have any fishy taste to it what so ever.

The dumplings were equally as delicious.  They were fried to a nice consistency on each side and the accompanying sauce could be drank on its own.

The final treat was our steak meal.  I loved the fact that they provide you with a HUGE bowl of white rice on the side.  It definitely proved to leave plenty for our take out...which speaking of takeout, my fiance and I shared everything that night.  We ended up with an extra cup of soup, 2 extra dumplings, rice, and peppered steak.  Our meal came to around 25 for both of us, plus the remaining leftovers for the next day.

In either case, I recommend giving this place a try.  With age comes wisdom, and it is wise to go with what is known.. Hazelnuts on the green beans.
Pistachios on the pizza. 
Some sort of delicious seed-thing (anise? coriander? i should know but i don't cook. it was yum) on the olives. 

And caramel on the chocolate chip cookie/vanilla ice cream dessert thing.

Combine this with that amazing glass of Argentinian white I had and you've got a pretty tasty treat. 

Humble Pie made a pretty inventive, attractive, tasty meal, and they didn't brag about it or anything. 

I'd totally go back.. Excellent cheap Mexican food that tastes as good as any Mexican restaurant.. Thank you to Janet at True Salon for doing an outstanding job on my haircut! I bought a groupon last week and was able to easily make an appointment a couple days later. When I arrived the salon was neat, organized, and smelled great. Janet came out within a minute of me checking in and took me to the back. She was super sweet and friendly. During the shampoo she offered a complimentary hand massage or mini facial but I declined. She gave me a short haircut with long layers, blow dryed it  and even styled it for me! This is the first time in years I haven't had to fix a cut at home after going to get my hair cut. I will definitely be going back to True!. I have been with Cook Insurance group for 13 years. I have always received excellent service and Carl goes above and beyond any insurance agent I have ever worked with. I recommend Cook Insurance to everyone I meet.. This place is brilliant! 

Screw chipotle! I order enchiladas at a Mexican restaurant anyway, so why not custom make them, in an assembly line fashion? 

Delicious, vegetarian options, has beer, and something for just about anyone!. This pizza it's simply delicious!! Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend eating in, since the tables rarely get cleaned up here. I was there one day, waiting for my take-out pizza to be ready. The waitress kept playing with the plates, cups, etc. and never picked them up from the tables. Instead, she looked at her cell phone and decided to take a break instead. The customer service does need to be improved here, since you never know how long your pizza will take to be ready. One has to keep asking them if the pie is ready and all of the sudden they see that your pie has been sitting on top of the oven for over 20 min. while you have been waiting for close to 40 min. for a pizza!  Customer service and sanitation of their tables needs to be improved, but the pizza is excellent!. Love this theatre, they have comfy seats and best of all, they have great specials.... 

Mondays are $5 movies ALL day, excluding IMax, 3D and Dolby Atmos Sound

Tuesdays are two for $22, 2 adult tickets 1 large popcorn and 2 large drinks. I've ate here three times already. The first two I got the lunch pulled pork sandwich with side. Tonight I got the 2-meat dinner which came with 2 sides and a corn muffin for $14.99. I got a size able amount of pulled pork which was moist and the barbecue sauce is great. I also got pork ribs which had a good dry rub on the outside.  The staff have been really nice each visit. Great food and customer service in my opinion.. Love, LOVE Roma Deli!  Been there many times and I always can't wait to go back.  Food is always delicious and it doesn't get more authentic than this place.  I've never had a plate I didn't love.  Their pastas are delicious and their caesar salad is perfect!  Love taking people  for lunch here.  Service is always great.  Can't remember her name but our server has always been a brown haired younger woman and she's a sweetheart!. When I am in the mood for cheap, delivery asian cuisine, this is where I turn to...
Now, I haven't tried much on the menu... The vegetable lo mein was very boring, as were their eggrolls but the General Tso's tofu... fricken brilliant!  We ordered that the first time we tried Asian Kitchen and have not strayed from that dish yet.  It is about $7 and enough to feed my bf and I, and we can really put down some food.
Hopefully I will get the balls to try something else soon, but this dish is so darn good!. I was a little worried I wouldn't like this place from reading reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, you order your food from a refrigerated display and maybe they microwave it (there is a full kitchen so I doubt it) but I really don't care! The sandwiches were awesome! I ordered the sirloin sandwich which had caramelized onions, delicious gorgonzola and roasted tomatoes on a ciabatta. Seriously delicious! My boyfriend got the prosciutto, mozzarella and roasted peppers. Again, seriously delicious! We ordered a side of orzo. The orzo was average but still quite good. I so wanted to have some gelato for dessert but we were too full from our sandwiches.

I guess the owner wasn't there because no one bugged us during our meal except to refill our iced teas.

I love this place and can't wait to go back, my mouth is watering just thinking of that sandwich!. I'm currently sitting on a leather loveseat, my laptop perched on a medium round table, sipping a hot "Grouchy John" and eating a half of a breakfast sandwich on a bagel.

3 of my six roommates are sitting across the shop at a smaller table playing card games. 

I just ran into two of my very good friends.

This is only my second time to Grouchy John's, and it already feels like somewhere I can spend a lot of my time. 

When my friend and I walked in yesterday, we were greeted and asked if we'd been here before.  When we replied that we hadn't, we were given a run down of the menu, and all the different options that were available.  

Yesterday I chose the almond roca frap, after reading so many good reviews from fellow yelpers  My friend chose the Earl Grey Creme tea with milk and honey and we split a breakfast sandwich of egg and bacon on a cheese bagel.

I was really impressed!  The frap was delicious, and the earl grey was amazing.  The sandwich was great too!

I decided yesterday that I wanted to come back and spend some time here, Post a review or two here on yelp, work on my food blog, etc.

When we walked in, we were greeted with a "Welcome Back" from the very kind man who helped us out so much. 

The employees here are spectacular.  Yesterday I observed this man greet several guests by name, and ask about kids....you can tell that the employees really care about the people who frequent the shop.  

Today, I tried a hot "Grouchy John" which is delicious  So sweet and tasty!  My roommates got The Yoda, which is a kale smoothie, with mango, pinapple, and a couple other things...its good, but not sweet enough for me.  My other roomies got The Shirley Temple of Doom, which is a green tea and cherry smoothie.  That one was really yummy. :)  

I'm really impressed by this place.  Its clean, open, inviting, and displays the work of a local artist, all of which is for sale.   The food and drinks are quality, and the employees are amazing.

This is definitely going to be a regular spot of mine.  I'm really glad I finally tried it out.. This place is trash-tastic!  Dimly lit, has a Dick's Last Resort, lots of things to entertain the rednecks such as myself.  When my red family was visiting over Fourth of July, this was one of their favorite casinos to gamble at, probably because of the dancing girls behind the table games.  Dealers were really friendly and the cocktail servers kept the drinks coming!. I love shopping here over whole foods and trader joes. Selection is great and the staff for the most part is knowledgeable and nice!. Great little hidden local spot.  I arrived before my breakfast date and the server got my ready with coffee and the menu.  My coffee cup was never empty.  This is a huge plus in my breakfast world.  I ordered with breakfast sandwich with bacon substituted for the ham and hash browns extra crispy.  This was such a simple comfort food breakfast that I could have easily cooked for myself at home, but instead the staff here made it for me and it was even better.
This is truly a tiny little place with as many tables as possible pushed in there.  So if you don't like seeing what your neighbor is eating, you might try someplace else.  I personally loved making conversation about what they ordered for breakfast.
Love 40th Street Cafe and can't wait to try it for lunch.. My husband and i went here for our 2nd wedding anniversary..We wanted to goto some place that was romantic, quiet and served gr8 food & drinks...We were so glad we came to Chritophers..The food & drinks are expenesive but you get what you pay for...The food was gr8..We ordered escagort ( snails ) , seafood and a duck dish...Tasted really good and so did the wine..I will recommend this place for special occassions..You will not be disappointed !!. A very nice spa! Really enjoyed the use of all the spa facilities: 1) Roman bath with 3 pools of varying temperatures from very hot to hot to cold along with heated stone lounge chairs. An added nice feature is the cold gentle waterfall from the ceiling while sitting in the bath 2) whirlpool 3) herbal steam room 4) cedar sauna room and 5) arctic ice room - feels like a well air conditioned room; technically didn't blow ice - instead it blew small soap suds from the ceiling.

This spa also has a handy water remover for your swimsuit in the shower area. In 5 seconds, my swimsuit was fairly dry.

Came here at 9 AM on a Friday and it wasn't too busy but an hour later it was very busy. Would suggest late evening if you want to go when it's less busy.. This place was spectacular. the lunch special came with soup and a drink. I was in love with the gyro. You can have it on a plate or in a pita. 

I love trying new food and this place did not disappoint. 

The guy working the register gave us the remote control and we sat there for a good 45 mins watching sports and local news. I just loved this whole experience.. Their really gonna be busy the more people find out about this place..mango shaved snow with mango pearls and coconut =yum. This place is super cool, especially for those with kids. It's new so they have a few things to work out, but overall very happy to have this downtown. Mainly, I wanted to post a review of the store Crazy Legs. The staff was unprofessional and they have no return policy even though there are no dressing rooms! AVOID CRAZY LEGS!. i cant seen to have enough of this delicious food. i love getting the tri tip and the mash potatoes.. I feel a little weird about reviewing an Optometrist, but I also feel the need to pay a compliment where due. 

First, I have to say that I rarely go to the Optometrist. I have never worn glasses, so I haven't felt the need to go regularly. I decided it was time (it had been years) and ended up picking Insight based on proximity and because they offer reasonable rates for those of us without insurance. 

The office was clean, and the staff were very friendly. I often find that in medical offices the staff seem irritated when dealing with the public, not so in this place, I was instantly at ease. 

Dr. Steed was extremely nice and very knowledgeable. The office had modern equipment, which was also clean. I did find out that I have a slight prescription now that I am older, but he actually recommended not getting anything for it as I have not yet noticed any issues. It was so refreshing not to get a sales pitch for something I didn't need yet.

For sparing me the sales pitch, I thought I'd be nice and hopefully send him some more business via Yelp review. I definitely recommend this place!. The prices are decent and the portions are huge.  I'm a pretty big eater, and I still only eat the little burgers and have to split regular size fries on their menu.  A big plus is that none of the toppings on the burgers cost extra.  When you order fries, they give you an extra helping into the bag...makes the bag greasy but they're still delicious.  Your order gets finished pretty fast, even if there's a long line of customers ahead of you.  I always leave happy.  :). The food here is very authentic, fresh, and delicious. The soups are amazing. The prices are very reasonable. The staff is very friendly. The food is very practical for take-out. My favorite is the Soup no. 1 with shrimp (not on menu) and their spring rolls with BBQ pork. They are always busy but very efficient and hard-working.. This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and it was the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen (I've only seen another, Varekai). This one takes place mostly on water and it is simply spectacular! The performers were brilliant, the stories were funny and captivating. 

I had seen Cirque du Soleil on Bravo before this but I fell in love with all things Cirque after experiencing this show. 

Needless to say, I am on a mission to view as many Cirque shows as possible!!. Seriously some of the best tacos you will find in vegas. I personally always get the carne asada tacos and lengua. The carne asada is never dry tasting like other places so flavorful & delicious!  The lengua so tender and the flavor is wow! If you eat there they will give you beans and chips the beans are no bland at all. I've been coming for 5 years and I will continue to. Oh yeah the red salsa is so good!!!!. GET THE PORK! Anything with the pork is going to make you happy. Even if you have a minor pork allergy, it's worth it.

I have nothing else to say except drop what you are doing, get your wallet and go eat something with the pork.

P.S. Their homemade tortilla shells they are making while you wait in line are better than....well...you know where I'm going with that. 

PORK, TORTILLAS, GO!. This place is my new favorite breakfast joint!  Mimosa glasses....LARGE!  Thank u for that! We started at the bar which was easy to get into because there was a break between chairs in the middle so that people on the wait can get to it easier.  We waited 30mins for a table but this place was well worth the wait. And the drinks are big so they lasted.
Friend got a bacon Bloody Mary and was pleased with the flavors
The Chilaquiles Benedict was amazing. Hash browns cooked just right!
Asked for an expresso martini and they said "sure! What's in it?"  I told them.... And it wAs made perfect but not in a martini glass but a glass. And who cares. It was cold and yummy!

Our server Alex (I believe his name was) provided amazing and friendly service. Went here today for lunch. Fast service, great salsa bar, food was awesome. Not a typical taco stand. I recommend this highly. I can't wait to go back!. Un de mes restaurants préférés de Montréal, chaque fois que je le recommande les gens en sont ravis. Bonne bouffe et très bon service. Menu dégustation vaut vraiment la peine.. ALTHOUGH I PAID $70 FOR A NEW YORK STRIP STEAK, IT WAS SOOOOOO WORTH IT...

Talk about the best steak I have ever had in my life!  I practically stumbled into this place!  (Seriously, I was in Vegas drunk, so you know I was stumbling!)  When we got in here, it felt REALLY fancy but they treated you like normal people!  They brought a small cup of soup and it was REALLY good!  
I ordered the New York Strip Steak and it was HUGE!  It was the size of my head (or just felt like it was)!  This steak was cooked to perfection with friend onions laid atop of creamed spinach and just melted in my mouth!  Since that day, I have never had a better steak...EVER!
Although it's WAY pricey, it's worth it if you want to taste the best tasting all American cuisine!  
Trust this refromed fat guy!  I would never steer you wrong!. Order the stromboli and you'll leave happy. We got both the original and the vegetarian---both were delish. Doughy (but not undercooked), slightly crispy on the outside, and filled with the softest, most delicious cheese you will ever find in a stromboli. 
We also ordered the Jalitos which were not so good to be honest (Arby's has better ones). Definitely stick with the stromboli!. Seriously one of the best places to get a great sandwich fast and delicious.  It's also very reasonable compared to the rest of the restaurants in the area.. This is my favorite bar. I used to live within walking distance, me and my roomie at the time were there almost everyday sometimes twice in one day. They've got good food, with good variety for whatever sounds good when you've been drinking. When i haven't been drinking I like the shrimp scampi, the sauce with the garlic toast is amazing! When i've been boozing and taking shots (which is usually the story with me and Caseys) i've been known to order multiple rounds of their greasy mozzarella sticks. They are obviousy the frozen-fry kind of food but when you got a good buzz going on, nothing beats the mozoralla sticks. Drinks at Caseys aren't expensive, and they are free poured. Which is always a plus in my book for any establishment. Mixed shots are huge. Service at Caseys is always hit or miss. You either get one of the servers/bartenders who has been there forever and gives you decent/good service with attitude/personality or you get stuck being served by someone who is new (rare) or the chick with the mustache who never smiles. Either way, your service isn't going to be the best but it won't be god awful. And when it comes down to it the ambiance will help you overlook any shortcomings. The outdoor patio is amazing, actually i've only sat inside once or twice and only because it was the hottest point of the summer. They have misters for the summer and heaters for the winter. Most of the patio is shaded, and there are lots of trees surrounding the restaurant itself. You will find all sorts of people at Caseys, but mostly the tattoo covered and pierced kind. If you're looking to go to Caseys on a Friday or Saturday night here is my advice on getting a table (which my roomie and i became pro at). First, stand in the middle and scope out the tables... Who is paying their tab? Which table has empty drinks? Who is leaving soon? Pick out your target tables. Now send in your blockers, have some of your friends stand in front of other people trying to scope out tables. Now when you finally see a table leaving, sit down as fast as possible. It is not uncommon to see people sit at a table before everyone from the previous party has cleared the booth. I know it sounds ruthless, but you'll be thanking me later.. Great dinner with friends, cozy atmosphere and great service. Only complaint was I found it a little noisy with the restaurant full. Will definitely be returning.. Lothian Road has it all:

- Superdrug (Good for toiletries, chocolate and make up)
- Ali's Cave (Good for wool, stationery, and everything you never knew you even needed)
- Poundstretcher (V.similar to Ali's Cave, but in my opinion not quite as good)
- Hanging Bat (Good for beer and delicious hotdogs)
- Strippers (Good to see naked ladies)
- Sauna (Good for...)
- Yummy Tori (Good for Japanese food)
- Odeon (OK for films)
- Red Squirrel (Great for burgers)
- Festival Square (Great for watching TV on a HUGE screen)
- Money Shop (Good for currency)
- Freshcut (Great for soup, paninis, sandwiches etc.)
- Paper Tiger (Great for gifts and cards)
- AND much, much more!!

What more do you need on a road?. Staple of the legal community next to the RJC.  Good eats, super fast service, staff who know you...the food isn't fantastic or super healthy, but good for small or large groups.  I do look around before I start talking about a case to make sure the judge I am in front of is not there, or their staff.  How can you not love it when they give you a to go cup when you leave?

Someone else used a groupon and had an issue.  I did not have a problem with it.  I, of course, brought the groupon because we go there so often.  As a big baller, I bought my law clerks lunch.

If you pay by credit card, you can pay at your table.  If you need to pay by cash, you need to go up front.  Also, they are great about dividing up check for table.  (We go there with between 2 to 9 people depending.). The workers here are SO friendly. The minute you walk in the door you'll here a "Hello, welcome to paradise!" 
and if you stay to eat/study/chat you'll probably hear it every few seconds.

I love coming here to study. They have lots of chairs and booths that welcome it and the staff, of course, does not care how long you sit. 

Food is decent. There are better bakeries in general but I can say that their cookies and salads are worth trying.. Alex provided stellar customer service in addition to making a fantastic Bloody Mary.  The ambience is just what I look for in a drinking establishment.  Also they have coors original on draft, which is a real special treat.. Been here a few times. The service is always great, the gluten free options are plentiful.. I've lived nearby in Gilbert for a few years, but I have only been to the FarmHouse for breakfast. Every time I have gone, I've never been disappointed. I like the country homestyle cooking and theme of the restaurant - complete with wooden floors and good cooking. 

I order the biscuits and gravy, sunnyside up eggs and bacon and orange juice. Best I've ever tasted and it sure keeps me coming back for more. Family members all order different things and it always keeps them happy and craving it every morning until we all go out for breakfast!

The wait can be long, but it's always proven to be worth it to me. They will seat only groups with all the members there for quicker service to other groups, and sitting under the misters on benches in a shaded area makes waiting easier.. Quick cheap smog check- 5 minutes and $7.77 later I was out. They do oil changes for a third of what I paid for one last week. 
Service was friendly with a reminder of services due at 90 k miles but absolutely NO pressure. 
I will return if I need further services.. One word: amazing.. Update:  I decided to check a little further in to the rumors that Mickey's was closing up shop and found a couple of things...  1) They were finishing up repairs/updates as of my visits over the last two weeks, 2) They closed their doors on 07/31/2009 and put up a sign saying RIP, 3) the owner is searching for a buyer for this and his other spot in Scottsdale.

From what I can find, it doesn't even seem that the employee's knew they were shutting down.  Certainly nothing was said on either my visits over the last 10 or so days. Such a loss to the HH options in Scottsdale!  : (

__________________________________________________
The reporting of Mickey's demise was premature. It was in fact undergoing significant repairs and renovations (although I saw no major improvements during my visit two weeks ago).

It has re-opened and is back to its perfectly odd  and inviting self.  : ). I've only been here once, but had a great time! The venue is spacious, reminiscent of XS with a pool and fancy bathrooms. The dance floor is more spacious since it's not filled with a bunch of tables for bottle service. Overall the line isn't long and the guestlist is very accommodating so you're likely to get in and have a good time if you're with a large group of friends. Friendly crowd, as I got separated from my friends and a group of smokin' hot women accidentally grabbed my hand and I continued to follow them until I found my friends. Good vibes and definitely an attractive crowd!

Downside is that the DJ the summer night wasn't the best. I mean, I liked that Top40 and EDM songs were mixed in, but you'd probably hear some of the sames songs on repeat (think 3-4 times!).

Can't remember the price of drinks, but I kept my cool and didn't get white-girl wasted that time. ;). Great food, great all day happy hour prices, and very friendly service. I get a friendly greeting as soon as I walk in the door. It's a very nice neighborhood restaurant.. Very very good coffee which is important because good coffee is one thing that is sometimes difficult to find in Las Vegas is good coffee. The pastries are always fresh and always good. The only concern is that they aren't open 24 hours!!! :). I cannot speak more highly of my experience at La-Z-Boy. Working with both Vic L. and Betsy B. was a complete dream come true. They are both beyond friendly, easy to work with, and fun!

Vic is extremely knowledgeable regarding La-Z-Boy products and knows the store top to bottom. He was a delight to work with! I highly recommend requesting him because he is just phenomenal.

Betsy is a brilliant, hardworking, and amazing interior designer. I gave her pictures of my "vision" and she designed EXACTLY what I wanted. She spent several hours with me and made me feel so special. For the love of God, go see Betsy! She is the best!

I am SO impressed with Vic and Betsy. The process was very easy and delightful. I cannot wait to purchase more items in the future! :). I went here today for Easter Brunch with my boyfriend and his mom for the first time. The special price of $48 per person was well worth it. They had a wide variety of deserts and cute little pots of different eggs benedicts, a variety of carved meat stations, omelets made to order, and also had a sushi, crab claws, and cold shrimp stations. They even offered bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for an addtional $7 if you wanted. I would highly suggest you save room for dessert and please check out their homemade gelato's; it was simply incredible! I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves good food with a new concept.. Excellant Food , Excellant service from our waitress Amy and GREAT prices!! Wish there was one in the East Valley.  Anytime we are at Desert Ridge we go to the Islands.  But its the worth the trip even from Chandler for a 'treat".. Love this place!! I have worked across the street for over a decade. They are located next to the bar on Paradise and Grier. Our office never thinks to eat across the street because the restaurants that have tried to make it have been terrible. Hands down this owner is creative and makes his food with quality ingredients. Burgers are made on pretzels buns and the salads are great. I had the homemade pretzels with mustard and cheese it was big great taste. Lots of really great sandwiches to choose from. Meat is prepared in house and always fresh!!! They need a sign out front so people know they are there and for sure a must try.. I first emailed Clean Air Lawn Care after a search on organic consumers com website.  I wasn't quite sure how much they could help me because I don't actually have a lawn... just a rock and landscaped yard.  I needed help badly because the monsoons had given the weeds a great environment in which to grow.  Living on a corner lot, in a rental home, and in an HOA, I surely get a lot of exposure and didn't want to get a citation.  Within an hour, the owner Jeff and I had emailed back and forth several times and had scheduled a service date.  

Greg.  Wow, what can I say about this guy?  Firstly, I was shocked that it was *just* Greg.  I pictured a team of at least three people, but nope.  He did not disappoint!  He was like a one-man army, waging a battle against the weeds.  Secondly, in the spring, I took three weeks to do the work that Greg accomplished in just a few short hours.  HOURS vs WEEKS?  Definitely an easy choice for me to make, and continue service with CALC.  

The communication level is top-notch.  Jeff let me know every step of the way what the hourly rate would be, and was going on.  Greg was running just a couple minutes late for our 9 AM scheduled time and I actually got a phone call from Jeff letting me know.  Within 5 minutes, Greg was knocking on my door, ready to start pulling those pesky weeds.  

I have received emails from Jeff letting me know that someone would be doing a drive-by of my yard to make sure the weeds hadn't reared their ugly heads.  

I am thoroughly impressed with this company, their methods of work, and their commitment to the environment.  

Thanks, Jeff and Greg!. We were looking to get my son a bird, and after visiting the "big box" stores, we found Birdz and Beyond. I am so happy we did. The store is clean, the cages are spotless, and the birds are very active compared to those at the "big box" stores. It is a family owned store and they are so knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. They helped us decide on the best bird for our son, and talked to us in great length about training and caring for the bird.  If I could give this store more stars, I would.. Best chips and salsa ever! Variety of chips.
Our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips Favorite margarita. Grand Canyon margarita the best ever! Only $4 during happy hour.. This was my first time eating at La Bocce. Went here for lunch. My husband and I shared the pizza lunch special and the pastrami sub. The portions are huge! We took home half of the sandwich and we both extremely full! The pizza was wonderful! The crust was crunchy on the bottom and soft in the middle just how I like it and it had plenty of cheese and pepperoni. The pastrami was crisp on the edges and the sub roll was also great. Tasted like it was just baked! They were also soooo friendly! They made us feel so welcome. This is my new favorite place and will definitely be back!. Great company, family owned and very reliable. We needed our water softener installed and they were able to come the very same day and offer a very competitive price. Great availability, great prices, but most importantly, they are honest.. The best service I've had at any Benihana so far! And I've been to almost everyone in California ! They would refill drinks before you even bat an eyelash! My boyfriend and I spent our 6year anniversary here and thanks to their employee Nancy, we had a wonderful experience ! And our hibachi grill chef was VERY funny and had a great sense of humor :). I remember watching a thrill-ride review tv show on these rides probably nine years ago and have wanted to experience them ever since. I'm a huge adrenaline junkie so the idea of hanging off the edge of a 1,000ft building sounds like a dream. Let me just say, these did not disappoint. I payed the $36 for unlimited rides so I was able to ride both in the day and night. Both were cool but I would say that the night rides were just a bit better - I mean, it's Vegas. The lights! Unfortunately one of the rides was closed due to high winds but I didn't mind as much because it was the one that spins and spinning doesn't go to well with me. I loved both the Big Shot and the X-Scream. The XS made me more nervous but just bite the bullet and ride in the front. You'll feel very secure and safe and it's just something you can't experience anywhere else. Lastly, all the employees were really great and friendly.  I'm recommending it to everyone.. I have few regrets in life.  Ok that's a lie...I regret everything.  But you know what I *really* regret?  Not getting myself to Luv-It Frozen Custard sooner.  Seriously, what was my deal??

My favorite ice cream spot in town?  Definitely.  Contender for my favorite spot in Vegas period?  Top five for sure.  Am I considering living down the road so I can stop here three times a day?  I would be lying if I said no.

The custard is smooth and the ingredients are fresh.  No artificial-tasting grossness here- just mild, pleasant flavors.  Homemade with love, ladies and gentlemen.

The Western is pretty much a Vegas institution and needs to be tried at least once.  It's a calorie bomb for sure so come in your fat pants.  My favorite flavor is peanut butter and it makes me want to cry that they only offer it once every three or four weeks.  When I can't get my precious peanut butter, I go with a standard chocolate.  A waffle cone is a necessity for me.

Yes, it's not in the glitziest area of town, but if you can't handle some strippers going to work or a homeless guy asking you for some change, then you don't deserve custard.  More for me.

Cash only.  Be ready for a wait in the summer.. If you live in the area, or even if you don't, Buddyz is a must try.  The deep dish is absolutely delicious.  The crust wasn't too thick and had just the right amount of crispiness.  It's very filling and you prob won't be able to eat too much of it, but it's perfect to share with friends.  If you're looking for a true Chicago deep dish pie, this is the place.  They also have a good selection of craft beers to choose from and we tried a couple of appetizers...calamari and toasted ravioli.  Both were just okay, but the pizza is well worth a trip.. The Skinny: cute clothes, solid quality for the price, good for young families. Returns are hassle-free.

I really like this store - it has all sorts of goodies hidden away and prices are very reasonable. Carter's as a brand provides clothing for other stores (Target, Walmart) but I find the original Carter's to have the best quality. Prices are very reasonable (however it is important to note they always have a sale so their MSRP is very deceptive). They have a plentiful clearance section as well where you can pick up some great deals when the clearance section goes on sale.

For bodysuits, I love their side-snap full bodysuits and tees/long sleeve shirts. (they have side snap bodysuits up to 9 months that I've seen, side snap tees up to 3 months in the store although online they have more sizes). Babies hate clothing that goes over their head so the side-snap bodysuits eliminate this problem. There aren't that many of these though so you have to be on the look out. The staff will help you but they don't get the whole bodysuits with side snaps that often apparently. The side snap white long sleeves shirts they do have  up until 3 months which is great because I often have issues with the bodysuits fitting over cloth diapers.

This winter, we got a nice sherpa bunting (Reindeer although it kind of looks like an Ewok suit) for our LO which she loves so much! It's like a little tranquilizer suit because she falls asleep in it instantaneously. Super cozy and well priced as well.

Service is pretty good in the store - not too fussy but there when you need them. Wait times are also good in line with the exception of Black Friday which is to be expected. Returns/exchanges are pretty easy and without too much hassle. The atmosphere is pretty chill so it's easy to take your little ones with you when you go shopping.. Ok. I was harsh before. I come in here quite a lot and really like it every time. It's a cool place, really trendy and good to come if it's your first time in the city and looking for somewhere to go and people-watch.
It's decorated nicely and the staff are friendly. Ok, it's a bit poser-ish, but it's good nevertheless!. I am so glad I found this place. My friend and I treated ourselves to a little trip to Vegas for my birthday. Because everything got a little hectic before we left we never made it to our regular nail place in LA. By accident we stumbled across Today Nails and boy am I glad we did. Ben and Nancy were super sweet and talented. I felt welcome right away and since we had an appointment we did not have to wait at all. The only problem was to pick a color since there were so many to chose from. We decided to go with 'Vegas nails' that were a little more special than the regular gels we usually get done. And we were not disappointed. Bright and sparkly and beautifully done - nails to die for. I know the next time I'm in Vegas, this is my go to place for nails for sure. Thank you so much, Ben, Nancy and team. You made our mini vacay even better.. I always come here for the buffet and like all the high end hotels in vegas this one makes u feel rich as soon as u step in...the shops are expensive as is the buffet but hey it's all about the opulence here.. Delicious iced Lattes, cardamon and Sugar donuts, Rhubarb glazed donuts...

and a very great vibe with a cute staff, good music and open-aired entrance, perfect for a summer sit.. I've only been here once and was in a rush because I had to catch a flight. My waiter was very accommodating. He took my order right away (but not without first listing out some helpful recommendations) and was able to get my food out in 12 minutes!  

I got the slow cooked salmon and it was absolutely delicious! Very tender and flavorful. It's definitely a smaller portion than the steak alternatives because there are no sides though. I'm not sure if it's really worth the $48 I spent (+tips). 

However, my experience was phenomenal. The super attentive wait staff definitely makes me want to visit again.. 3 stars for food, 4 stars for pastries!

I used to visit Chompie's a lot when I lived in Tempe and treat myself to an assortment of their cookies, cakes, and bagels.  One will find New York inspired black-and-white cookies, Jewish pastries, and many other yummies.  Entrees are large and largely served with a (half) smile.  Prices are fairly reasonable and day-old baked goods are usually heavily discounted.  On my recent visit, I scored 2 maple espresso baby bundt cakes and a good size piece of red velvet cake for $7.25 (the bundt cakes were BOGO).  Party in my mouth!  

Come check this place out if you want a taste of the east coast.. + 35 minute wait was 10 minutes
+ Waitress was really friendly 
+ Exposed brick!
-  A little on the small side...even with the back room its small for a sports bar  (This seems to be an ongoing thing here...cram as many tables as possible into once place leaving no standing room)
+ There were 4 huge LCD tvs within 10 feet in each direction
- They were clearly showing a stretched out non-HD broadcast
+ Sam Adams on tap
- Sam Adams is an "import" and $4.50 a pint, not $3.00 like "domestic"  (Boston is that much further than St Louis or Milwaukee?)
+ The place emptied out when the Suns game started
+ They kept playoff football on the TVs even though there was a Suns game going on simultaneously
Weird - The Suns game was on the TVs in the bathroom
- The "medium" burger came out completely disgustingly charred
- The bun was HUGE and the burger itself was meager - for $9 you expect at least a 1/3 or 1/2lb juicy burger, not a charred Happy Meal sized patty.
- I don't understand bacon in Phoenix, this is the second time it's been so totally overcooked it's brittle and hurts to bite into
- "Rum and cokes" turned into "Captain and cokes"

In summation I would say that it's a good place to go for a drink and watch a game but get dinner elsewhere.. Excellent selection, great prices, and friendly service.  We needed this in Plaza Midwood!. Think of this as a more upscale version of panda express with a diverse variety of asian cuisine.  Went there on a groupon and had a great time.  The restaurant is very clean and the service was excellent.  Our food was delicious and the portions were large enough for left overs.  Try the kimchi rice balls as an appetizer!. Earl of Sandwich is SOOOO good AND it's open 24 hours! I had the earl's club and my boyfriend had the all american and we shared.  Both were really good but there was nothing too special about the club.  It's delicious, but it's just another club sandwich, whereas the all american had it's own twist.  The cranberry sauce added so much flavor to it all.  It can come off as a little sweet to some people, but I really enjoyed it.  I thought it was weird at first because I've never had cranberry sauce in a sandwich but it turned out to be amazing, especially with the dijon mustard they have, too.  Earl of Sandwich is a MUST when you're in vegas!!!! Definitely recommend it to all. One Word: Absolutely Delicious! Okay that's two words but I can't describe this place without using more than one word. It is Just that good :) It's a hip, trendy place with a unique twist to their menu, which carries a healthy and a happy side. The healthy side of the menu carries a different alternative to the "happy" side which is a more healthy, cleaner eating, yet both equally delicious!

I came here with my boyfriend and had the Ahi Srirachi, which were tacos filled with fresh ahi tuna and the most amazing mixture of pico de gallo and special sauce. Happymess, a combination of steak, blue cheese, and french fries with a bit of pico de gallo. The combination in this was just absolutely delicious, especially with the truffle oil! We also had the parsnip fries :) which was pretty much gone. Who knew parsnip fries would be soo good! 

With all these joints opening up in Vegas, its nice to go somewhere where you can just relax, enjoy some great food, and come back again. I'm such a fan of places that make you feel like you've known them for years and this place is definitely welcoming.. Always a great place to stop in with a really cool ambiance. Hula's made room for our larger party outside on the patio, and they weren't kidding when they said the heaters would warm us up. Thanks! The drinks are really nice here and the food is good. Not my very favorite food, mind you, but good. Everybody loves the spiciness of their dishes. We'll be back for sure.. My friend and I walked into Aquaknox for our last meal before leaving Vegas. It was my favorite meal of the trip.  I go to Vegas pretty often, and I do my best to try different restaurants in the city. Since there are many, many restaurants in Vegas to try, I would have to love the place to go back again.  This is a place I would definitely try again. 

The service was great as well.My friend dropped a little cocktail sauce on her white shirt and was trying to wipe it off with a napkin when the waiter immediately appeared and dropped off some soda water. They were so quick and attentive, it was very impressive.

We tried a bunch of appetizers and the seafood plateau. Let me tell you, that seafood plateau thing is to die for. It has clams, mussels, oysters, prawns, ceviche, lobster, crab, and ponzu oyster shooters (the yummiest oyster shooters I've ever tried). If you love seafood, you HAVE to try this. I can't even remember what other appetizers I ordered because they were good, but paled in comparison.. I was recommended to Massage 1 by a friend and after reading other Yelp reviews I decided to give it a go.  I made my appointment online (great feature) with Amelia.  She was great and really knew how to read my body, addressing my neck, and upper back-- thanks stress. I will be back!. I stopped in on a whim, as I was running an errand next door and when it was over I was hungry. I ordered the first thing I saw on the menu, which was Quiche lorraine.  It was the best Quiche Lorraine I have had! It also came with a side salad with like a sweet mustard dressing. It took a little longer than I expected and I was anxious with a fussy newborn infant. but it really was a delicious Quiche and I would love to try other things there when I am able to be more leisurely.. Where can you go any day of the week in Scottsdale and be assured they are open and poppin...? Coach House for sure! If you aren't familiar.... do you know that little building in Scottsdale that has like a bazillion lights on it at Christmas time? That's the Coach House. 

The Coach House is a bit dive-ish, but only because the drinks are cheap and it's small. There is a great patio with lots of seating, with a couple of TVs so you can catch the Suns game too. 

If you are looking for a chill social evening with some rather inexpensive (especially for being right in the heart of Old Town) drinks, Coach House is your bar.. I stopped by after seeing a movie Saturday night.  I was so happy that I stopped  by and read the menu, looked at the fabulous wood burning oven from Napoli.  The staff and the food absollutely fabuous!  I cannot wait to go back and try everything on the menu.  Mama Mia!!!. Let me start off by saying I'm not giving this hotel 5 stars because it's the top of the line hotel here in vegas. I'm giving it 5 stars because I walked in with very low expectations but honestly it's not that bad. It's not the best but hey for the price it's good to me. Not far from the strip at all. I booked this hotel because my sis is law recommended it. Long story short, they ended up backing out on the vegas trip so I invited my friends. The whole time I kept telling them it was very cheapy and gross hotel (because of the reviews I read) . We walked in, had trouble checking in because we booked through expedia. My name wasn't on the reservations, took about 30 mins but whatever. It wasn't hooters fault. We got to our room and it was pleasantly clean. Restroom was clean as well. Anyway, I had a nice stay. Definitely coming back to stay here if im on a budget.. I was at a special event for work and they had these chocolates there.  They are so good!  I plan on visiting their place on State Street this next week, heard they have samples to try.  They also have a place in the Third Ward area in Milwaukee where they make most of the chocolate right now.. My family stopped in here for dinner over the weekend. We had been once before a few years back, though I am not sure if it was before or after the Diners, Drive ins and Dives episode. We used to go to Joe's BBQ a lot and found out about Joe's Farm Grill through them. The first time we came in here I wasn't that impressed. I had gotten a burger (before I went vegetarian) and it was dry, bland, and boring. Nobody else remembers what they got that time either. So I decided we should give this place a second chance. 

We showed up for dinner around 6:45 and there was already a line out the door and halfway to the street. I had read about the lines online before we came in here but didn't expect how long it was or how slow it moved. We didn't move for the first ten minutes we stood there, and then it took another thirty minutes to get through the rest of the line. I am a patient person, so I don't mind lines, but this one was a little ridiculous. There are only two cash registers, and once we had gotten far enough up the line to see them, one of them closed and left only one open. Seriously? There is a line out the door and they close a register? Why couldn't they get someone else to take over? Either way, we finally got up to the register and ordered our food. I got the portabello burger with garlic fries and a side of beet salad, my husband got the fontina burger with onion rings, mom got the ahi tuna burger with regular fries, and my niece ended up with grilled cheese and fries. We all got fountain drinks as well. All for a total of $52. A little on the expensive side for three adults and one child. The descriptions for the burgers tell you you get a choice of your favorite side, but of course what they don't tell you is they up-charge you if you get anything other than the regular fries. Which I didn't find out until after we had paid already. Very misleading. 

While the line moved as slow as molasses, at least the food didn't take that long after being ordered. We waited less than 10 minutes to get our food. The only annoying thing about this was for some reason my nieces sandwich wasn't ready and we had to wait another five minutes for it to be done. I can make a grilled cheese at home in less time than that, and why it wasn't ready with the rest of the food makes no sense. Unless they gave away her sandwich to someone else or something. Eventually we all get our food and start to eat. My portabello burger was huge. The mushroom was at least twice the size of the bun, and it had lettuce and a green goddess dressing. I added the pickles that came on the side as well. It was a little on the salty side, but it was pretty tasty. My garlic fries were delicious. They weren't too spicy but there was an enormous amount of garlic. I love it! I smelled like garlic for two days afterwards. The beet salad however left a lot to be desired. The beets themselves were under seasoned and there wasn't nearly enough blue cheese. I could have also done without the pecans. They seemed out of place. My husband really liked his burger and his onion rings were really crispy and well seasoned. My mom said her ahi burger was also really good, however because of the way it was sliced, it kept falling out of the bun. Not the easiest sandwich to eat. My nieces grilled cheese was standard grilled cheese. 

All of us really enjoyed our meal once we finally got to eat it. However the amount of time spent waiting in line made the experience a little less enjoyable. But my husband and I will probably come back here eventually, I just think we will have to plan the time better so we don't have to wait so long.. I lacerated my thumb in an awkward spot. It didn't seem serious enough for an ER trip, I really couldn't fix it myself, and I kind of remembered UPMC sending something out about their new facility. I called them, confused about what to do, and while it wasn't something they could really advise about over the phone, I did feel better after the conversation and decided to go in. 

There is free parking adjacent to the building in an area where there is no free parking, high competition for street parking, and I didn't have to park in a multi story structure. If I'd have gone to the ER - fee for parking and a hike to its door from the car. 

The receptionist was cordial and professional. 

The intake receptionist was caring and professional. And a lovely good natured person as well. She was equipped with some basic first aid supplies at her desk which I found thoughtful and well prepared (I was bleeding) and checked me in rather quickly. I paid $35 to be seen, which I consider a bargain compared to what I think I would be billed for an ER trip. 

I waited 5 minutes to be called by a nurse, who I observed using good hand hygiene practices. She was very competent at recording my history, taking my vitals, and keeping my bleeding under control. She was professional and caring. She let me know the next step would be for a physician or physician assistant to attend. 

I waited a few minutes for the physician assistant to enter. I observed her using good hand hygiene practices. She was a very good listener, professional and caring. She examined me, answered all my questions graciously (I asked lots) and took care of my wound. 

While I wish I hadn't needed to go, I'm glad I found such a place exists. It was the right place for my kind of injury and level of urgency. After my experience and reading some other reviews, I think I have a more accurate idea of how and when to use this kind of service.. Best Margarita! And it's called happy margarita only $2.99. I'm a snob when it comes to my margaritas and I really enjoyed it! Also their award winnings beans were Delish they have like a smoked bacon taste to it :). Love this thrift shop!! I got about 11 items for $26! The cashier even rang my items up more discounted that I thought!! Very organized and clean everywhere. Things are usually separated well by sizes, nothing mixed up and you don't have to hunt as much as a regular thrift store! Will be back!. i saw trisha after purchasing a groupon deal for a massage.

she is really a talented masseuse and my hour long massage was the perfect combination of relaxing and well, digging the knots out of my upper back.

she is very kind and accomodating and her office is very clean.

i'm a frequent visitor to scottsdale, az, and her massages will be a regular for me when i'm in town.

definitely recommend trisha at movement restoration -- go check it out!. Et en été, belle découverte des laits frappés, de vrais desserts bien préparés et copieux; Des biscotti extra grands. Et des assiettes brunch, copieuses et fraîches.. We got the lumberjack breakfast-one of the best breakfast meals I've had and the biscuits are to die for. Kids loved the pancakes. Only bummer is they were out of French toast-my favorite! Still, they made me cinnamon and sugar crepes which satisfied my sweet tooth. Coming back for French toast soon though! Great place for families and service was great. Highly recommend a try!. We had a great first visit here for brunch.  They have a creative brunch menu with traditional breakfast items with a twist, lunch items, and great-sounding desserts.  Our party had the sunflower salad, bacon and eggs, steak and eggs, the hummus platter, and the sweet potato chips.  Everything was quite good and very fresh.  We really enjoyed the sweet potato chips - not greasy at all, just sweet potato flavor with a hint of seasoning.  We'll be back to try some of the other menu items.  

Great atmosphere and pretty small dining room which makes it quaint and cozy.  Unfortunately we had the table right next to the kitchen doors which was the only unpleasant part.  Bussers and waiters would come flying out of the kitchen and then stand inches away from me with load trays of food trying to figure out what table they were going to.  The water refiller seemed especially hungover as he literally stood next to my arm for 3 minutes trying to figure out who needed water.  They should put a divider between that table and the kitchen.  Also bar service was slow - 15 minute wait for 2 mimosas.  Waiter apologized but still...

overall a good experience.  Big fan of the atmosphere and menu.  Can step up the service a bit.. Oh Dilworth Coffee House, please, please don't judge me. I've cheated on you with the Starbucks down the street a time or two and I'm truly, truly sorry. I can't promise I won't stroll over to the green awning giant again, but I can promise that I'll visit you more often. 

Dilworth Coffee House encompass all the wonderful things of a local coffee shop. The coffee itself is super tasty. The shop offers its patrons a nice variety of self-serve, extra large thermoses and plenty of add-in options. Think skim milk, soy milk, simple syrup, all kinds of sugar and half and half. Oh - and these are free of charge.

The coffee prices are certainly less than chains overall and I'm almost certain that Dilworth Coffee offers refills for $.75 each for the first refill and free thereafter. While there isn't much available here in the snack department, they do play to their strengths by providing an awesome supply of whole bean coffee. Nice!

The staff here are very friendly and definitely put tons 'o love into their coffee creations. The place itself is very kitschy, cozy and inviting, with a small array of tables of varying sizes and free WiFi. You can't get that at the 'Bucks. Echoing Faith D.'s sentiments, though, this location is certainly cozy (read: small) so don't expect to layout a world map and pretend to play Christopher Columbus as there just isn't the space. 

If you're a coffee fan or just someone from the neighborhood looking for a nice place with free WiFi check out Dilworth Coffee House. I'm betting you'll indulge in a cup or two while you're there.. This is the only reason I will drive to BFE.

This is my second year attending this event, the first year was with my PIC April and we got to go free because of her, this year I forked over the 25$ and had a grand ole time!

The weather is perfect and the venue is simply glorious! This year was better because there was a TON of shitters! EVERYWHERE! So no need to wait in the port o potty line!

The selection of beers was awesome, granted we got there almost 2 hours late. I love this beer fest because of the mugs they give you! Less spillage! 

I will continue coming here, this time just get there earlier!

Yay!. If you go there on a Friday or Saturday night, the place is packed! Oh, and if you go there at lunch time, it's packed too! That's because IT'S WORTH THE WAIT! The food is delicious, the portion sizes are adequate, and the staff is fast and friendly. Great restaurant!. Visiting family in Madison & seeing the good reviews here, we decided to give it a try. We are frequent travelers to Mexico, consider ourselves foodies & love to both cook & eat Mexican food. One member of our party said it was the best chimichanga she'd ever eaten. The tacos were delicious  - especially the tongue. Tortillas & chips were fresh & delicious. The tamales were very tender, filled with tender chicken & a nice green salsa. The  whole fried plantains that came with the Honduran carne asada were to-die-for. Portions were huge & the service excellent. A very authentic and affordable taqueria.. Really great restaurant!  The friendly staff took the order quickly. The beverage selection was impressive. The whole restaurant was very clean. The staff member Yvonne was so helpful with placing an ice cream order, and she was so nice! Great job, Yvonne!. Been coming here for over 5 years and I'll never go anywhere else! Su and Ilene are amazing. So particular about their work which is great for an OCD person like myself :-) I always get so many compliments everywhere I go. Their spa is so cleanly and everyone's so polite, I wouldn't go anywhere else! Plus since the expansion this place is huge and beautiful!. It's been a while since we dined at SBG and decided we will not wait so long between visits. The food is consistently delicious and the staff is friendly and attentive, but not hovering. We started with a round of drinks (nice variety of options) and an appetizer of the bacon wrapped shrimp - beautifully presently and perfect portion size for a party of four. 

All of the entree's were wonderful. The burgers are huge, juicy and cooked to perfections. The Smoked Red Chile Pork Roast garnered 5 stars in and of itself as did the chocolate-espresso rubbed pork tenderloin. Yum! The red chile glazed chicken was also a hit. All of the dishes are wonderfully prepared and pleasantly presented.

SBG used to be owned by the same owners of Phoenix City Grille. Great to find out that the split didn't impact the quality of food or service. If you've been thinking about trying SBG, don't hesitate. You will not be disappointed.. This new Mr. Sandwich location has replaced boardhouse subs that recently closed down. 

VERY tasty Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwiches with a lot of good filling and meat. Reasonable prices $3.50 a sandwich. Their bread is perfect and exactly how I like my baguettes to be, fresh, crunchy and chewy. 

They just opened 2 days ago so the restaurant is not yet stocked with all the goodies that their China location offers but it'll happen in a few weeks I am sure. 

I will be coming by often before classes for lunch to get my banh mi fix.. fish cake is very good. it is cheap and nice. It may be a bit difficult to find it. But it is big inside. and the steak is tasty as well. recommend strongly.. I'm an east coaster and the day In and Out comes here I will weep tears of joy. Since this is not happening ever, I will have to settle for eating here anytime I come to Vegas.

We ate here everyday for four days. Including a stop before we headed to the airport. I even got a burger for the plane ride. 

The burgers are delicious and fresh. I do not like shoestring fries but that doesn't even matter.

Giant plus: it was immaculate/clean inside the restaurant.

Dear In-N-Out, I love you.. Dr. Nemanic is simply THE BEST!!! I'm a Fitness Professional and He makes MIRACLES, I've walking in with crutches and leave his office walking! slowly maybe but WALKING! My NECK! my Shoulder, my Hip.... HE KNOWS EVERYTHING ABOUT Body, Bones, Muscles, Joins and as ATHLETE HIMSELF He is a MASTER! 
I've recommended Him with so many people and everybody is amazed by Him! and SO HONEST! I trust Him my body, my health with closed eyes! 
The Doctors told my Husband he might need a back surgery (Bulging Disk) and after about 4-5 visits with Dr. Nemanic and following all his instructions my Husband is doing GREAT! and
working out perfect! Do I need to say more????

Monica Mara. I couldn't resist coming here to eat after I was running an errand in the same shopping center. I ordered the Rolley Rice Bowl. It was like a big sushi roll ! It tasted really fresh! I also ordered the calamari which was crunchy and plentiful.  When I first placed my order I didn't think it would be enough because I thought the portions would be small . It was more than enough to make me full. 

I ate my meal there solo. The atmosphere was peaceful and relaxing. The customer service was great ! I was checked on often to make sure I was doing okay and if I needed any refills.. After seeing all the reviews and finally being on this side of town in the morning before work, I knew I had to try this place. And Boy am I glad I did! I was there fairly early (7 am!) and they only had a few select options. 

I got the croissant with egg and spinach, a cranberry twist, and a mocha frapp. Just the smell itself was so enticing, I was wanting him to hurry up and give me my food! The place just smells amazing! The food was just amazing and great size. 

The next time I'm able to go I'm definitely going to try their sandwiches and soups. 

I just wish they were open later in the evening and on weekends, I would definitely go here if they had Sunday Brunch. Mmmmmm~!. One of my buddies said that this is a popular hangout in Texas and mentioned about the Happy Hour deals, so we went to try it out while we were in Scottsdale. It certainly was a pretty big "wow" for me when we got our orders. 

It is a bit of a weird setting, as the restaurant is attached to the mall, but that's not really the point. The bar is semi-dark with a good number of people (took us awhile to find a table). The "Happy Hour Specials" was what got my attention.  We ordered a variety of appetizers from sweet & sour chicken, sushi, dumplings, and 1/2 priced margaritas! I absolutely LOVED this place! 

It's a great place to take a break after shopping. My regular margarita on the rocks probably did some good deed after an exhausting day of shopping.. This is a LONG time family favorite of ours. My mom has been going here for 15+ years. My best friend and I take our kids in now, at least once a month.

The service is outstanding! It's always the same group of ladies, and they remember everything. Kids names, drink orders, our regular menu choices. It's impressive to say the least!

The menu is vast to say the least. My all time favorite is the Sandy omlette. Think BLT with avocado wrapped in fluffy eggs, melted cheese and sour cream. You have your choice of bread side- but I would recommend the pot of bread. It's always slightly under baked, which we have grown to love.

Make Jamm's you family favorite, and let me know what you think!. Let's face it, Scottsdale can be a real pain in the ass.
Dress codes, pomp, and general douchebaggery are not uncommon in this town.
Sometimes you just want to sit down and have a beer, sans all the nonsense.
Coach house is your place.

There's a reason this rickety wood building is so popular.  Especially it's done up in tacky christmas lights! I It's easy, and fun, and super low maintenance.
Two bars ensure you are not waiting forever to fill your glass, and the addition of a food truck out front makes satisfying the beer munchies super easy.. First time at Urgent Care. Overall, good experience. The receptionist, nurse and doctor Laird were really nice, thorough and patient with me. 

There were only 2 people ahead of me. By the time I saw the doctor it was 45 minutes. I guess the patient ahead of me was a little difficult. He got me antibiotics and I was on my way.

I would come back to this location if I need to (hopefully not..haha).

Thanks guys!. Great room, Great drink service and lots of action. This room is intimate, comfortable seats and management was very fair and didn't get too involved. Only thing is be cautious of the sharks,,,,,,. Updating to give five stars. We've eaten here twice more since and the food is consistently amazing. My boyfriend got the Temple of Fire today and holy cow, it was so good. Very spicy, but that was to be expected. We've tried about six dishes so far and each has been something I'd recommend.. LOVE this sandwich shop!!!! The meats, breads and veggies are always fresh and the service is excellent :). Burger Royal est un restaurant qui propose un large choix de burgers et surtout qui permet de les composer comme bon nous semble. En effet, on a le choix entre poulet, boeuf mais aussi burger végétalien. 
Les végétalien sont d'ailleurs les bienvenus puisqu'ils ont aussi la possibilité d'avoir un fromage végétalien aux noix (succulent par ailleurs) ainsi que du bacon végétalien. 
Différentes tailles de burger sont également proposées, pouvant aller de la petite fringale à la grosse faim.
En accompagnement, nous avons aussi le choix entre des frites traditionnelles, des frites de patates douces, des oignons frits, des crudités,...Ainsi que diverses sauces (dont une mayonnaise végétalienne). 
Bref, il y en a pour tous les goûts, sans compter un personnel très sympathique et serviable, le tout dans un cadre agréable.. Just a couple sips into my cappuccino and I have to say, it's pretty tasty, especially for an area not known for its coffee. They use locally sourced beans roasted in nearby Boulder City and the staff are super friendly and knowledgable about their product. Try them out if you're ever in Vegas. Besides, the name of this place totally rocks it :). Friendly, large church.  Great music and enthusiasm in the congregation.  Wide spectrum of ages and races.  Pastor is very energetic.. I am not a burger girl but this place is AWESOME. We don't have one on our side of town so on the weekends if we want a good burger, we make the diverges are super fresh and fires are simple but tasty. I would recommend ordering one regular size order of fires and sharing with 2-3 people. It is really a ton of fires. Overall I highly recommend even if your not a burger lover like myself.. If you are like me and not like the classic gym, where you have to work out on your own or spend a fortune with a private instructor, then this is the perfect place, all classes, no boring routine and excellent techers, all friendly and willing to explain and help you through the class, some of then harder than other but I always feel motivated to go to the next level. Allison at the front desk is super nice and answer all your questions with a big smile :) I don't have a favorite teacher bc I like all of them.. Fantastic dealership!! Two words that are rarely used together. Helped us instantly, not pushy. Very informative. Simeon knew everything about the car we were looking at. Made us comfortable and stayed late knowing we weren't buying a car that night. Hopefully we will be back soon to take an Infiniti home.. We had a coupon for a buy one item and regular lemonade, get one item free. So, we got a regular cherry lemonade and two pepperjack cheese dogs. 
I've had both before, and you can't go wrong. This location was no exception. The girl working behind the counter was very sweet and friendly. She took our name when we ordered, and it wasn't too long before she called it out telling us our food was ready. 
Overall, a great experience!. Great place to check out!  We tried the French dip sandwich and the green chili burger and they were both great.  I'd definitely be back again!!!. Is it me, or do all the gorgeous people somehow end up in XS? Write this down - get glammed up, or else you'll feel out of place.

I take back my previous 3-star review. Next to TAO, this is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. The decor is absolutely breathtaking and I love the spaciousness of both the dance floor and the outdoor pool. 

Did you know you can dance in the pool?? So awesome.

Unlike a lot of other party spots in LV, security inside isn't too strict about groups of drunkies raiding empty tables and beds. There's so many VIP areas available, you won't have someone breathing down your neck if you want to steal one to rest your feet for a few minutes. 

However, I can't say the same thing about the bouncers in front managing the line.

They've gotten a bit more organized about their lines now (THANK GOODNESS), but the guys that work them are still pricks that want ridiculous tips for a favor. With that being said, I've learned a trick that I think everyone should take into consideration:

- Get in line by 9:30 (make sure you scout for passes beforehand if you're a lady)
- Get stamped by 10.
- Go back up to your room for drinks.
- Come back down at midnight and pass up the fat line that wraps around to the Wynn Theater.

Why does this work? - You'll only need to wait about 20-30 minutes rather than over an hour, you'll get a good buzz without having to drop bills at the bar, you'll get to feel like VIP walking past everyone else standing in line when you return, and the music doesn't really get goin' until after 12am anyway.

I'm a genius. Thank me later. ;). Once again ivy blows my mind with the amazing she does! I came in with the thought that I wanted rainbow ombré nails, for the fact that I can never choose one color, I love them all! We came up with idea to do rainbow ombré glitter nails with the ombré going vertical since 2 months ago we did ombré rainbow horizontal. I always wait about 4 weeks in between my fills because the quality of the product they use is great and lasts that long without lifting. I added a couple cute purple bows to accent my nails! I love them and I'm very happy as always! Great job ivy!! Nails bar llc is very lucky to have her as an employee!. Great shopping place for clothes, jewelry, art and home decor! One of those GREAT finds and the owners are really nice. It has boutique clothing at affordable prices, great atmosphere and FRIENDLY!!!!. This place is extremely clean and professional. I used to be a manicurist for 9 years and Im extremely picky.  I had Jamie did my gel mani and pedi, a fabulous job.  No complaints whatsoever.  My gel mani lasts for 3+ weeks.  So happy and will always be coming here.. The mizithra was excellent as was the cheese garlic bread and for that and the ambience, I will give this place 4 stars. The Italian dressing on the side salad was gross so I'm glad I ordered the cheese bread. It's nice that the meals come with a scoop of sherbet, spumoni, or vanilla ice cream for dessert.. MUCH BETTER!

After yelping about a few awful experiences I'd had at Steel Cactus my friend and I were invited to come back and try the food again after they'd had some time to work out the kinks in the kitchen.  

It was GORGEOUS outside (last Tuesday, pre hurricane) and we were seated under the new roof.  The atmosphere was very cool and there's a pretty rad fan they have going over the bar that kind of gives the deck a cozy industrial vibe.  Is that possible?  It might not be, all I know is it looked cool and I liked it.

When we were seated the table next to us was RAVING about their food, so much so I thought someone must have been rude to the waitress and was trying to make up for it or something, but then the I overheard the one girl say the fajitas changed her life, so at that point I was pretty much set on fajitas.

Our server, Alex, was really nice.  We started out with the chipotle salsa and chips.  I've NEVER had a salsa that tasted like that, and it was AWESOME.  It almost tasted like it was made from green tomatos or tomatillos.  It was somehow sour, and sweet at the same time w a kick from the chipotle.

I am pretty much obsessed with it.  Its so good I'm convinced it could cure cancer, and I swear after eating it my skin was clearer, my hair looked inexplicably awesome, and my dining companion was 50% more handsome.

This may also have been because I'd had a yinzerita.  Those things are fantastic, but one will get you wasted so be careful, it is a sipping tea!  

The fajitas were excellent, the girl sitting to my left didn't lie!  The best part about the fajitas were the roasted red peppers that came with it.  My friend had the chicken enchiladas and he thought they were excellent.  They were pretty good.

The only thing about Steel Cactus is all the food is pretty salty, so you may want to go easy on the hot sauces so as not to overwhelm the food completely.

Otherwise, it was great.  The manager came out and told us about some of the changes the kitchen has made and they really have come a long way since opening weekend.

I look forward to going back.

Try the chipotle salsa!. Have I ever mentioned how much I adore brunch? I love brunch. I love leisurely weekend mornings where it's socially acceptable to drink alcohol and stuff your face full of delicious rich foods and then sleep it all off afterwards. Simon offers up one of these brunches--the kind that you feel like you need to go on a juice cleanse after...and lucky for you, they offer juice-cleanse level juice. 

Simon 's brunch is a strange one, but it is delicious all the same. It is a mixture of buffet style and all you can eat small plates, which makes it a somewhat confusing experience. They could probably do away with the buffet-style portion and just do the small plates and make it easier, but then you wouldn't get the experience of watching crepes be assembled. (Assembled is the right word here--there is no crepe griddle or any real options for them other than the one Nutella/banana one. Still good, I mean, it has got Nutella, but it's not prime crepe time.)

Standouts on the menu include the biscuit and gravy, French toast, blue cheese/fig crostini, pizzas, and cotton candy. The egg dishes leave a bit to desire--it's much more a sweet brunch than a savory one.

The pajamas are cute, but I have to wonder if this is the last endorsement deal that Paul Frank ever got. I liked that monkey as much as anyone--15 years ago in middle school. Perhaps an update would make this place feel less tired like some reviews have mentioned.. Best place for live music and cool, down to earth people. Highly recommended!. Holy wowza - deliciousness, and incredibly healthy too. Had the veggie salad with some grilled tofu added and couldn't have been happier. Fresh veggies - where do they get them??? A nice red wine vinaigrette lightly tossed about. Hubby had the turkey sandwich and it was fresh as well. Bread was a bit dry but the sammy fixin's helped with that. Service is quick and there is seating indoors and out. Busy busy Sunday mid-day and I bet when school is in, this place is really hopping. Very welcome addition to the Mill Avenue/ASU area. YUM.. I love Phan I have been following her for more than a year. I am so glad she has her own place. I drive more than 15 miles just to go here. The salon is really clean and the staff is really friendly.. I own a 2005 VW Touareg that was driving very rough, and my check engine light came on. Desert VW quoted me almost $2000 for a new transmission, even though they weren't even sure that was the problem. Pacific Auto Care diagnosed bad spark plugs and a hole in the vacuum  hose. It cost me less than $500. I was thisclose to letting Desert VW try and fix it -- so happy I went to Pacific! My car now runs perfectly.. A spendy day, but worth every dollar. We did the family white water course, the rope courses, zip lines, rock wall climbing, kayaking, and more. The rope courses were challenging,  and tough on my fear of heights. Not for the faint if heart. We went on a Monday,  and I wish they had more staff because we did a bit of waiting in lines. The rafting guide made the whole adventure. Bring sunglass holders and a waterproof wallet, and don't forget your ID. They have lockers, but it is easy enough to run to the car. There is a decent cafe for lunch, lots of drinking fountains,  and places to buy drinks, but not near the rope courses. Make sure you grab a drink and use the wc before heading over there, or you'll have to get in and out of your gear twice. Leave little ones under 40 pounds at home. And it isn't just for kids. Besides the activities we tried, they offer mountain biking, SUPs, and lots more. If we lived here, a season pass would be a no-brainer.. Food is much better.  As always an excellent beer selection.  Had the prime rib nachos.....they were pretty good. I suggest giving this place a shot.  Mmmmmmm beer!. We tried the Improper Pig 2 weeks ago on the recommendation of our hairdresser. We were pleasantly surprised as the location in a strip mall belies its amazing Southern dishes.
The portions are generous, the waiters/waitresses are well trained and informed and guided us the first time. They got us to come back with their family deal on Sunday nights. Choice of BBQ roasted whole
Chicken or pulled pork with generous  portion of 2 sides. I'm not a big beer drinker but they have all types of craft beers and alcohol specials depending on the night of the week.  
It's honest southern BBQ gees for families and buddies who want to hang at the bar and watch sports.
Definitely, on my keeper list for Charlotte.. Looking for the perfect thin crust pizza? Well if you like homemade mozzarella then try out Upper Crust Pizza and Wine Bar. Our friends introduced us to this restaurant on a recent visit to Scottsdale. This restaurant is situated in a strip mall and doesn't look like anything special from the outside but take a step inside and you'll feel differently. It has that "cozy" feeling that makes you want to keep coming back.

They make a variety of homemade pizzas to order that come out of the oven with just the right amount of "crispness".  On my short trip to Scottsdale I made 2 visits to Upper Crust. (We just liked it so much the first time I couldn't wait to go back). In addition to pizza they feature calzone and pasta on the menu. It's a casual place that's big on "atmosphere". On both visits we were lucky enough to have "Laura" wait on us. She was personable and made our experience very enjoyable. 

Pizza sizes tend to be larger than what you would expect. The "personal size" pizza was plenty to eat for my party of 2. If you're a wine lover my tip would be to make a visit on a Wednesday night.  All bottles of wine are half off!. My boyfriend and I were just looking for a new place to eat and I'm so glad we found this restaurant. Both noodle soups were so tasty ! If I lived close from there I would go all the time. A must go! :). one word. BRISKET

The brisket at Gilley's is a glaring memory from my last Vegas trip (and having any memory of something in Vegas is saying a lot). It was just plain GOOD and I will go here and order it everytime I come back to Vegas. The corn muffins were also really tasty. My boyfriend got the nachos and loved them.

We also stumbled upon our new favorite whiskey at the bar...Red Stag. It's a black cherry whiskey an dis incredible...ask the bartender to serve you a shot chilled and it's even better. Sadly we were only in the bar while waiting for our table so we didn't ge tto party there that night, but next time we're in Sin City one night will be spent there.

Not only was the food great, but the price was too...especially for being on the strip. Weird to see so many bad reviews, we were there on a Friday night and had no problems. Did we wait for a table? Of course, but we went in the abr area, had some drinks and watched people ride the bull....we were seated in no time. Though one of my favorite comments made in a review was regarding the fried cafish.."They were basically pieces of catfish dipped in batter and then fried." What else would fried catfish be?? Just wondering.... Sweet BBQ pork burrito is delicious! Do I need to say more...?. Wow!  This place is a bit of dive but in a good way!  We are so excited to have such excellent burgers right down the street.  I had a bacon cheeseburger with fried onions (so yummy).  From here on out we'll stick to more vegan choices like portobello burgers and tacos.  

BTW - The place was packed but the food came out hot and fast.  Soooooo goooooood!. I had the most incredible massage by Lisa today. She truly knew how to get into my tight muscles and get them to release!! I will for sure be seeing her again!!

Angel did an incredible
Job on my facial and all the products felt great!. I wasn't completely sure what to expect when I went to the Heard Museum, but I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed myself.  We were there for almost 2.5 hours and the time flew by.  The permanent exhibit was laid out nicely and I truly learned quite a bit that I did not know previously about Native Americans.  In fact, I had no clue how many different tribes call Arizona and New Mexico home and reading the history and how they are now was quite fascinating, but I am a history nerd. The Remix contemporary exhibt was well-done and was my favorite portion of the whole museum, but I'm a sucker for contemporary art and installations.  We even wondered about the "children's area" and that was also well done with a variety of hands on crafts and activities for little peanuts (heck, my husband and I even did some of them! hehe).   The boarding school exhibit on the second floor was very nicely done and well laid out...the testimonials that played while you walked around were quite touching and at times I felt myself tearing up.

Adult admission is $10 and students are only $5. My husband forgot his ASU student ID and when he mentioned it to the cashier, the guy was like, "oh that's OK" and gave us the student admission anyway. Very nice.  There were quite a few people at Heard while we were there, but I never felt rushed or that I was in someone's way, which I think speaks highly of the layout.  I definitely recommend the museum if you have an afternoon you are looking to fill and/or just want to learn more about Native Americans.. Great place to load up on protein or eat clean. It is pricey for the portion you get but their offerings are one of a kind! They offer bison, ostrich, your traditional chicken, and tofu. This is my second time at g&p but my first at this location. Its super hip and it's also a great place for your lunch break or catch up on work. 

I ordered their bison cheese steak on a spinach wrap which is about 600+ calories for $10.99. It also comes with their yummy tofu fries and dipping sauce! The cheese steak is delish and the bison is super lean. Bison is just naturally full in flavor so if you're looking for a good manly meat that's lean but tastes like cow (mmoooo) go bison! I also ordered their white chocolate veggiechino which is 500+ calories for $6.99. I chose the almond milk (you can choose the option of soy or Almond milk) it was pretty delish with grains of grinded up coffee bean. If you're looking for a big caffeine kick I would not bet that the veggiechino will be a good pick me up especially if you're a coffee drinker. But as a sweet milky treat. I think it's a good choice. 

My meal summed up to $20 for myself. It is a bit pricey but if it's just one of those clean eating going out to lunch days I say go for it but I would only drop in occasionally if I'm in the mood. I just think their price does equal the value in portion for me.. I love their black and white coffee.  Super yummy!. Some of the best airport food I've ever had. I was craving a good burger and had a 2 hour layover in PHX so I decided to pop into this place in Terminal 4 (by the A gates). Good call, me.

The space is pretty inviting for an airport - lots of seating, big TVs, big wraparound bar. There are plenty of outlets. Score. 

But the food's the thing, and nice ambiance can't make up for bad food. Fortunately, my burger and fries were great. I had the southwestern burger, which was cooked as specified to medium doneness (airport kitchens hardly ever get this right). The buns were nicely toasted. The lettuce+tom were fresh. The beef patty was nicely seasoned. As for the fries, they were perfectly salted and crispy. Well-executed, straightforward, and satisfying. What more can you ask for in between flights?. I came here once but didn't go in because my friend persuaded me to try another restaurant. "Big mistake, Big, Huge"

Today my office got take out and we ordered from the Smiling Banana. Great menu selection all my favorites were there Pumpkin Curry, Pineapple Curry, Spicy Green bean...on and on I want to try everything on the menu. I had given up on finding a Pad Thai that I liked in the burgh; one of the girls who is a Thai Nazi said I should give it a try! 

Here is my review. I had the Veggie Pad Thai heat #3. I was slammed at work so had one taste, ran out of the room, turned around came back in. Took 2 big bites and "mmmm'ed"  Left the room to tell the girl that she was right. Best Pad Thai I have had in forever, or whatever I mumbled. Back into the room for one last bite. Worked for a couple hours busy. Had most of it left and thought it would be dinner. By the time 4pm rolled around my Pad Thai was finito and I want to order more tomorrow. Scratch that...right now!. The first bar I ever went to when I turned 32 was a dive bar in Edinburgh... and it was NOTHING like this. Well, I'm being a bit dramatic. Sofi's looks and smells like a quirky, but it doesn't feel like a quirky. I went this past Saturday night and it was filled with 27 year old "students" rolling their eyes at me for wearing pumped kicks and a whimsical wool coat. In contrast, my first dive bar in Edinburgh was filled with hipsters and musicians that didn't give a fuck about what I did or how I dressed. You don't get that "IDGAF" attitude at Sofi's. You get that "I'm trying really hard to look like I'm romantic and that I DIDN'T try really hard." That being said, I really don't care about what other trumpets think. I just wanted to go on a little rant about students. Sofi's was grimy, nicely, whimpy... but the back room was great. Whoever was controlling the music was playing Prince, Ray la Montagne, Iron&Wine... you name it! Pretty sure my friends and I were the only ones who knew the lyrics to every song... and of course we started a dance party. Some people gave us novels, and we got some dirty looks. You can't win 'em all! 

From the YelpLibs (MadLibs)... http://www.thebolditalic.com/articles/4146-yelplibs/. I almost don't want to tell you about Aladdin's bc this place is busy enough as it is!

I've hit several middle eastern restaurants in Pittsburgh...Kassab's, Nellie's, Med Grill, ordered from Shiraz...  Everyone says that the nearby Med Grill is better but I disagree, it just never does it for me.

Aladdin's is my hands down favorite, and it's my favorite because it has remained consistently great across multiple locations for several years!  

It sucks when you find a menu item at restaurant you love so much you look forward to ordering it every time you dine there, and then...the food changes.  It's like they've rick rolled the menu.  Aladdins and I have known each other for so long and they've never let me down!  (that was so lame.  I am so sorry)

Aladdin's is a mini chain, they have locations in Mt Lebanon, Sq Hill, and the North Hills.  The decor is the same across all the restaurants, it's simple, warm, and inviting.  This is a casual restaurant you could bring a date to, or the family--if your kids will eat hummus.  

Aladdin's has my favorite hummus.  I LOVE hummus.  I'm always trying to make my own hummus taste like Aladdin's but it just never works.  All of their smoothies are great, and they are blended fresh upon order--as in "We are cutting up the bananas for you now!" fresh, no mixes here!

There's something for everyone on the menu, even the person who hates middle eastern food (just have them order one of the pizzas, or the chicken salad.  the chicken salad is really great).

I have alot of friends who are vegetarian, and several that have issues with gluten and Aladdin's is one of those restaurants where everyone is happy and accommodated.

Here are MY personal favorite menu items:

the hummus
the tabbouleh
the Diwali roll
the falaffel roll
the schwarma salad--this is what i usually order.  its an excellent salad with steak on it.  it's delicious!

The desserts are incredible, when you walk into Aladdin's your def going to notice the cakes under the register.  I've never had the dessert there, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but they look amazing!. I was so anxious to love this spot when I was looking for breakfast spot and saw the reviews and pics . 

The Coffee Pub had a cute cozy cafe vibe with choice of seating inside or out .  We were told we could seat anywhere we wanted so we chose to sit inside .  

The service wasn't as prompt as I normally would like it to be.  This other couple seating in the same area even said " hmm we should have sat outside where everyone is at .  So It wasn't just me.  

The food was delicious my hubby ordered the French Toast with side of patties . And I ordered their egg white omelette with chicken and fruit .  I love their healthy options of egg whites , soy or skim milk with your lattes and fruit sub over potatoes .  

I was so looking forward to giving them 5 stars but it was the service .  The regulars got really nice welcome back treatment which was cool to see .  

The food and ambiance outweigh the service so I can see us coming back and giving it another try .. This is the easiest and most pleasant testing of my blood I've had. However note: I did make an appointment online I was a few minutes early for that appointment.. What a find! Perfect pizza, Bloody Caesar and rose. Wine. Sitting outdoors on a sunny day under the awning was lovely. 

Crispy crust, prosciutto, mozzarella, mushrooms and rocket, the perfect pie. Open brick pizza oven cooked to perfection!

Inside is very smart, well designed and great upstairs.. I only had the pizza delivery, so I have no idea what the place looks like, but that pizza sure hit the spot.
I had a difficult time finding any sort of menu to order from.  After an internet search that didn't yield a website (who doesn't have a website for their restaurant?), I finally called.  Not much luck there, as the best she could offer was to go to Rocco's Facebook page, but even after I wasted time there I couldn't find it.  I gave up and just ordered a basic pepperoni pizza.
Delivery was on time and friendly and the pizza was exactly the kind of New York-style that gave me flashbacks to my starving-NY-college-student days.  It wasn't anything gourmet, but I will definitely order again when that particular craving comes my way.. Went to Francesca Chamian for the first time almost a mnth ago. I have never encounter in all my years, a very compassionate doctor! While I was voicing my concerns, she was rubbing my back telling me she understands. Very thorough and very understanding of my problem. She is a diamond in the rough! Cannot wait to go back. I know she will give the absolute best care cause she cares!. Pheeewww! this is one of my favorite steakhouse's in Vegas-GRANTED, I haven't tried many but this place rocks! I've been here a handful of times and it never fails to exceed my expectations. Almost everything on their menu is delicious. The ambiance is great. Definitely not cheap, but worth every dime. 

Only thing that sucks is parking. As most of us locals know, getting in/out of the Cosmo is a pain in the rear. Other than that, place rocks.

P.S. Not kid friendly, in my opinion. Last time i was there table next to us had their escorts do a strip dance during dinner. :-/. Wow is a word you will say when you walk into Fresh. It smells so amazing. They burn the candles they sell there so its such a mix of wonderful scents. But it dont over power you. 
Came here with some friends and they will hook you up with mini facials and makeup applications as well as glasses of bubbly.
Our salesperson that night was Jonathan and he was beyond helpful. He knows how to treat a customer and make them feel great.
One friend dropped a huge wad o' cash on some of the best skincare products I have ever seen.
I was a good girl and didnt buy anything but still got hooked up with some free samples...thats how they get ya. I am now addicted to the face cream he gave me and must go back and get some.
It was a great way to kill an hour thats for sure!. I have been using Alphagraphics services in Tempe, AZ for the last 4 years and find that they, especially Michael Cash's customer support, exceed my expectations each and every visit.
They help me with publishing our university's retirees newsletter 3 times a year and, since the beginning, have gently guided me through the whole process.  I had never published anything before and Mike is very knowledgeable about the process, very patient too, and has made this whole experience bearable for me.
Thanks and keep up the good work Alphagraphics and Michael Cash!. && I fell for this place :3

Even though they just opened 3 weeks ago, I think they're doing very good in terms of quality, cleanliness and service. BUT THAT LINE WAS HORRIBLE! I don't know if I could or would ever wait 2+ hours for a buffet... so thank goodness a lady came around and told us we could pay $15 extra for the express line. Considering how hungry and excited I was, I thought $15 extra was worth it if I can cut down at least 2 hours of wait time. She said it would take 5 minutes if we go through the express line but the cashiers obviously didn't get the memo and refused to call us up until the people in front of us got frustrated. 

Once all of that was over it was time for the FOOD!! MY FAVORITE PART :3 I absolutely loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the lamb chops (best thing there in my opinion). They also have king crab legs and snow crab legs (you can ask them for the steamed ones, taste so much better). The sliders are yummy if you add a bit of salt. The lobster corn chowder was very flavorful and hit the spot. Not sure if they had 500 items there but they sure had enough to make me go 7 rounds... don't judge me, I'm a fatass! OH! They also have some legit fresh honey next to the bread and cheese area. Make sure you walk around the entire place first so you know what you're up against. I never ever want to leave their dessert section...soooooooooooo amazing!! The biggest selection I've ever seen! They have everything from mini cupcakes, gelato, macarons, BANANA souffle!, creme brulee, MAKE YOUR OWN CREPES (my fav because they have fresh fruits and nutella!!!). 

I took off 1 star because:
-They were very unorganized with the line and the seating in general even though there were tables open
-Some of the dishes were kinda cold
-The busboys cleaned out our table while we were getting desserts ):

If you're not a diamond or 7-star member, you'd probably want to dish out another $15 so that you can use that time to actually eat something instead of wait in line. WORTH IT!!. LOVE me some Someburros!! Where else can you get an AMAZING, fresh, tasty, filling breakfast burro (burrito) at all hours of the day? Someburros I say!

I am always greeted by a friendly face and smile when I arrive at Someburros and they are always super helpful when it comes to making menu selections. Did I mention the breakfast burros yet?? SO GOOD.

Also, they have some of the best green chile tamales I have had anywhere (and they sell them by the dozen!!), the cheese enchiladas are the perfect blend of red chile sauce and yummy cheesy corn tortilla goodness. The beans and rice are fantastic...and the breakfast burros...GET ONE! For real!

Love this place, the drive thru is convenient for phone or online orders and makes getting in and out with your Someburro loot even easier.. Had a mini Vegas get away this weekend...and ever since my trip to the pub last year its alli think about. We at there 3 days in a row of our 4 day trip. The first night we took some family with us to eay and they really enjoyed the food. The oniom rings were fresh onions. Someone in our party got the mac and cheese with chicken it was so good. 

The next morning  we went back to eat for an early lunch. They open @ 8am for breakfast! I originally wanted sausage rolls but it was still breakfast time. I got the cream cheese bagel in the mean time. I think they bake the bagels there fresh it was great. 

On our last trip to the pub we got the Guinness BBQ burger. Once again fresh food.. My friends and I just dropped by to have a study session here. Their new location is so much more spacious! Decor looks more simple, and clean which I like a lot more than their old place on St. Matthieu.  Crowd is not too bad in the afternoon- around half full. I do know that it gets packed late weekend nights though. 

I ordered an azuki matcha Latte here and also dark roasted oolong. As always they provide tiny and regular boba - but now they also provide transparent bobas in the mix. Very interesting. I think my favourite remains their oolong milk teas (the flavor is pretty rich). And you can control the amount of sugar you want in your tea. I think their quality of tea has remained consistent over the move. I say this because I was really skeptical at first because my azuki matcha latte was a little blander than usual in comparison to when I had it in their older location. But I realized I had ordered less sugar.

My friends tried the rose osmanthus milk tea and jasmine green milk tea. I really liked the jasmine green tea. Very rich. I was neutral with the rose tea because my friend ordered no sugar. I kind of like a bit of sugar in my teas . Of course there was a bit of a wait time because they are brewing tea bag by tea bag. But I suppose that our order came in faster than usual because the place isn't packed. 

Service here is usually quite good. Waitress are very attentive - and don't rush you like other places I've been to in other bubble tea cafes. Be warned, if you are here to surf the web - internet here is very unstable.  My only concern has always been the wait time. When it gets busy, I still have to wait around 10-15minutes. It's a drag if you are rushing.. Dr Bracken is the best! He has a wonderful bedside manner, and he knows his stuff! 

He loves big dogs (we have Newfoundlands) and knows problems specific to them. For example, when we were in a different state, our newf got sick, and we still didn't have an answer after $3000 work up. When we saw Dr Bracken (after we moved), he gave us the answer right away, without running a single test. And he was right all along. 

He is super caring, and even if he doesn't see you back for a follow up, he always wants you to call and let him know how your baby is doing. 

The only drawback is that I have referred so many people to him (as I'm sure others have), that his schedule is always booked, and unless you are an established patient, it may be hard to get an appt.. So delicious. One of the best things about this place is that it's a very easy lunch spot to agree on. They have salads and pizzas and the ability to customize makes it so almost anyone can build a meal they enjoy. 

     This is an assembly line type place. There has been a line every time I've gone but it moves along quickly. The doughs are already ready on pans and you get to the front, tell them what sauce and cheese you want, they pass the pizza tray down and you add your toppings. Pizza goes in the oven and comes out super quick (I could guess an apprx wait time but I'm usually chatting away so it would probably be inaccurate).  The finished product is a personal sized, crispy, thin crust pizza. For those who are watching their carbs you can also get a salad, assembly works the same way minus the baking part. That would be weird. 

     The best thing about his is they do not charge for toppings so you can always expect to pay around 9 bucks... I retract... The best thing is the delicious food; the second best thing is the price. 
     
       My pick is a  pesto pizza topped with mozzarella cheese and tomatoes. If I'm feeling adventurous I may add some chicken. If you are reading reviews to try and figure out if you want to go here I highly recommend you stop contemplating, close your yelp app and experience life... by eating this pizza.


***almost forgot. The restaurant also attracts a lunch crowd from the surrounding offices/business and there is not a lack of handsome well dressed men. I do not object to this.. I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet!!  Now let me preface this by saying I am not a connoisseur of Vietnamese or Thai food however I absolutely LOVE this restaurant and it has never disappointed.  Everything I have tried here from the Pad See Ew, to the Bun to the Pho has been amazing. Full of flavor, and the heat is made to your specifications.  Their medium hot is more like "Thai Hot" and I love it but it's also forewarning those looking for a true medium hot.  I have tried many of the other Thai places including Thai House and while some of them are good none of them compare to Viet-Thai in my opinion.  One of my foodie friends and I go here weekly, they know who we are when we walk in and the service is always impeccable.  It's located in the back of a strip mall off of HWY 51 and can be hard to find the first time you go looking for it but I guarantee you won't forget where it is!. Haus Murphy's has the best authentic german food in the valley! There is anything on the menu I wouldn't try.

My husband and I shared the Bauernplatte which is a combo plate for 2.  It is a variety of dinners on a huge platter.  DELICIOUS!!!

They have a great assortment of German beers for a very good price ($11 for a Liter... LITER!!!)

Prices are very reasonable.

We will defiantely be going back!. A place where excellent food meets excellent service. Loved the appetizers/extras and our main course! The butcher's platter is a tasty combination of cheese, meat, olives and yummy smoked salmon rillette. My favorite was the sweet potato tortelli. Any foodie would love this dish. A perfect blend of flavors...sweet potato, spinach, mushrooms, and hazelnut! YUM!!. Nazy was as wonderful as you guys said she was.  I've never had threading done, and had given up on waxing from the bumps I got.  It was a great experience, walked in and she was done quickly and it looked great.  Upper lip and brows $22.  No bumps!. Fantastic. Creativity and delight in every dish. For an entree, My husband had the oysters...twice. We both had scallops (very fresh), and I had the tuna and tahini sashimi (too die for). Main courses were lamb neck for my husband (insanely good) and halibut cheeks with beet butter for me (subtle and delicious). We ended with a chocolate, caramel and peanut butter pot de creme. Wow. 

I should also mention the house-made gin and tonics. The husband raved. They also make their 7-up and ginger ale in house. 

Finally, the staff was terrific. 

We highly recommend a stop here. It is a special occasion restaurant price-wise, but well worth it.. LOVE the food here. The portions are huge and the people are very friendly. Very quick on getting your food to the table.. Looking for a bit of history, cheery guides and an underground venture? Yes? Then this is a great place! Friendly for all ages and offers a variety of languages with audio guides.However, if you're looking for a scare this probably isn't the right place for you! Really interesting tour about the people and their way of life back in the good ole days. Definitely worth a visit :). I used to shop at Glaziers all the time a few years ago, when I lived in the Silverado Ranch area.  I recall they always seemed to have good deals, and good produce.

This weekend, for the 4th of July, my fella and I stopped in to take a look at their meat selection for a "grill off" competition we were participating in.  

First of all, what a selection in their seafood department!!  A huge slab of yellowtail Tuna (although I heard from another Yelper that this was not really good), HUGE shrimp that looked amazing, lobster tails, king crab clusters (not just the legs), and monkfish!  I've never seen monkfish anywhere, and at $7 a pound, we got 4 pieces and had a delightful lunch.

We also found veal chops, which my fella and I had never seen before.  The chops were about an inch thick, so we asked the guys behind the counter if they could do a custom cut (inch and a half) for us.  They were more than happy to, showing us the meat and where it would be cut prior to doing it.  

This right here is what makes me prefer Glazier's over Smith's.  At Smith's, the guys working the meat department are high school kids who don't know what a Cowboy cut is.  These guys actually KNOW what they are doing, and they know about the meat, the different cuts, etc.  

I am definitely thinking that we will start shopping here more frequently again.  

The produce looked great, and we picked up broccolini and endive, which I haven't seen in many other stores.. Very good vegetarian selections! We just discovered Doan's and really enjoyed it. The staff are so friendly and the service is excellent.. Saw the commercials, so we decided to drive across town to check it out. We didn't get deep dish because we were tight on time. We got a few different dishes to try and a pizza, all the food was very good. We will travel back across town to eat there, but next time we will order the deep dish ahead of time.. Like everyone said 45 minutes to cook, plan it out! The staff was very friendly and helpful.. I really enjoyed my lunch here yesterday. I'm a big fan of mediterranean food since they usually have lots of vegetarian options. I got the humus, tzatziki and falafel platter. YUMMMMMY! Even though the salad had chickpeas in it, it was still really good. I know, I know, hummus has chickpeas, but they are pureed! I also had the side of carrots. WOOOOOW. They were SOOOOO good. Just a hint of heat, and so tasty. 
The prices are fantastic. Not expensive at all! The service was GREAT. The girls were extremely friendly and helpful. This place has what I look for when dining out: good food, good service and decent prices. They definitely excelled when it came to all 3! I plan on coming back again. This place is not near me at all, but good food is always worth the trip!. When I heard a stuffed burger restaurant opened up I knew I had to try it! In addition to the various preset options they also have a create your own burger option. Base proteins include beef and chicken. 

The interior of the restaurant is nicely designed with a contemporary casual feel. Ordering is done at the counter and your meal is served to you at your table.

I ordered the Southwest burger and tried some of the caprese. The Southwest burger had good flavor and just a little spicy kick from the chiles. I wasn't as impressed with the caprese. I would have liked more basil in the burger since I could barely taste it.

The question I had when I was eating this burger was, do I really need this stuffed? What is the benefit to having a stuffed burger other than for the sheer novelty? Generally, I think the stuffed idea works to keep the filling ingredients juicy and keeps everything from squeezing out the sides. 

This is definitely a place I'd like to try again for more tasty burgers.. If you had asked me to design my the ideal business to take over this spot, I would have come up with the JPH.  As a neighbor, I can't tell you how happy I am that they have finally arrived.  And if the business they have been doing in this past month is any indication, I'm not alone.  I almost don't want to write this Yelp review because I don't want it to get any more crowded!

The Public House is warm and comfortable -- has a great vibe for doing homework or sharing sandwiches.  I haven't had a chance to check out the beer selection, but I imagine that this summer the space will turn into somewhere I want to have a drink and catch up with friends.

It's true the coffee takes longer than Starbucks, but that's because they brew each cup to order.  Seriously.  I didn't even know that was possible.  And the barristas (and the owners, who are often behind the country) are more than happy to fill you in on the process and why it makes the coffee taste so good.

(Plus, they put surge protectors into their electrical outlets so now more people can plug in their laptops.). Great location, bar/restaurant staff very helpful and was thankful for their feedback on where to go etc. Gym if you need to get a workout in..is connected to hotel but well worth the find, more than your usual hotel gym. 4 stars mostly because i reached platinum during my stay and was given a hard time about getting club room access..which never ended up happening. Way to treat your repeat travelers..ugh.. Awesome little venue! Just saw Interpol here over the weekend and was very pleased.  My boyfriend and I traveled from San Diego just to see Interpol here so I was very concerned about the reviews for this place.  But I was pleasantly surprised to see that most of it seems to be from people who must not be used to this kind of atmosphere. 

It is definitely a grunge kind of atmosphere.  It isn't dirty nor clean, strict nor lax. Mind you, it was an Interpol show I went to, so I don't think they were really expecting strung out head bangers or anything, but we were all patted down and asked to clear out our pockets.  No big deal.

But I was happy with the responsiveness of the security. There was a drunk chick next to my boyfriend and I that was being loud, crude, and violent and within 15min she was escourted outside. We were very appreciative. 

Despite the distance from our home, my boyfriend and I will definitely be going back.  A road trip is always a good break and this is an awesome destination.. This is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in!!! Our room was amazing with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  The hotel staff was wonderful-  every time I called for guest services they always were very helpful and cheery.  The 4 pools on the property are also really cool and always packed with people.  Make sure to get there early in the morning to claim a good spot on one of the reclining chairs in the water.  We ate at the Wicked Spoon for breakfast and the quality and selection there is top notch!  

If you want to stay at a cool posh hotel, this is the place to stay.  Not too many kids and a great vibe with all the top rated bars in this hotel.  I'm definitely staying here next time I'm in Vegas!!!. Beso is absolutely outstanding.  Everything from the steaks to the salads, to the (surprisingly affordable) wine list is out of this world.  

I ALWAYS make a point to go there when visiting Vegas whether it's with work or the girlfriends.  They have always taken great care of me. 

Thanks to the Beso team for making my Vegas trips amazing.. Went here for dinner last night. Great special of $1.87 for a can if beer or cider. I ordered the woodchuck can to drink. Appetizer choices were different but we decided to be safe and order Luis' spicy chicken dip with half pita bread and half tortilla chips. It was just like a buffalo chicken dip but with a lot more cream cheese. We both created our own salads which were delicious and I was pleasantly surprised that my fried chicken was actually buffalo fried chicken. I would go back again and try something se. Salads are ok and can get boring. Tonight was the grand opening and.....they nailed it.  
SERVICE: A+ 
DECORE: A+
DRINK STRENGTH : A+
TIME TO GET IN: C (with being on the list w a table) but with all the other A's...it was worth it.

They have a girls/guys bathroom with a bar in it that is one of the coolest things I have ever seen and music that is "bumpin".  We even ordered some food to munch on and it was DELICIOUS. we got the tuna tartar a chicken salad and some pork stick things that were great portions and very tasty.  Plus the service never faltered and was super impassive for being PACKED and opening night.

All in all...I was IMPRESSED and for SURE going back.. First, they seem to have moved locations recently (per their phone recording). There was no salad bar at the location we went to last night. I have to say that the menu (like the interior space) is small but memorable, filled with spectacular hits and misses for us. We did the four-meal Groupon special. 

We weren't fans of any of their juice combinations, and we tried them all. They were heavy on some of the more unpleasant flavors (especially ginger and celery). We won't be getting those again. We also were not fans of the raw jicama "fries" (or any of the chili cheese fries dish) or the "chicken" lettuce wraps.

However, the lasagna and pesto grilled cheese were AMAZING. Even the little side salad that comes with them, which was just lettuce, had fantastic dressing. We'll definitely come back for more of these! 

Bottom line: you might hate some of the dishes here, depending on your taste, but you might love others. So, give it a second chance if you don't like it the first time.. Out for lunch shopping fresh bakery down. Nice place to eat Chili sauce on the table amazing with broken rice and fresh salad shrimp roll with peanut sauce. Tonight, my 15 year old Maine Coon is recovering from surgery to remove several cysts on his liver lobes.  He is recovering nicely after Dr. Foote and staff took great care.

My first experience with VetMed was when my boy needed an ultrasound at my regular vet and the next day Dr. Robertson came to perform the ultrasound.  Great bedside manner and also let me stay right next to him while they were doing the exam.

When my vet contacted me with three recommended choices of surgeons to go to and VetMed came up as an option, I knew who my choice would be.

Today I waited with my cat prior to his surgery for a few hours and then sat around while he was being operated on.  Dr. Foote and Ashley were great at explaining everything to me and making me feel comfortable.  The rest of the staff were very polite and while I felt a bit like the "crazy cat lady" because I sat around waiting for the "good word"... I was glad that I didn't seem to be a burden.

After the surgery, Dr. Foote came out with a smile and explained how the procedure went, how my boy did and then she brought me back to see him while he was in recovery.  

Hopefully, if he's doing well tomorrow, I'll be picking him up and taking him home with me.

The facility is probably one of the nicest veterinary facilities I've ever been to.  So clean and also very professional.  Great staff as well.. A nonsmoking hotel, non-casino hotel, non-on the strip-hotel, and only valet parking hotel. Say what?! Trump Hotel definitely caters to an entirely different kind of group of people. It's basically just a hotel, so it's not rowdy with casino machines, kids screaming and slutty girls. Why would Trump want to ruin his image?...

Hotel was great.  There's this random horse head structure inside the room, but everything else was well-designed and classy. The bathroom mirror was crazy! This little plasma TV is just embedded into the mirror! Who can beat that? The small kitchen had this cool microwave that had like a thousand features in it too. Like many other hotels, there's a divider separating the toilet area and the shower, but Trump has this one that was sort of see-through.

The only thing bad is that there's a resort fee of $19.95 per night (pricey!). This includes two bottled waters, newspaper, gym, pool, shuttle & internet. Come to think of it, we never got the chance to take advantage of the fee, because after all, we are paying for it...and we never received any water OR the newspaper.

I don't advise people staying at Trump if they don't like the fact that it's just a hotel, and that it's off the strip (you'll have to walk more and plan your traveling more).. I placed an order for a friend that recently received her doctorate degree and the arrangement was BEAUTIFUL! The customer service was superb and the price was ridiculously reasonable. I will be sure to spread the word about this awesome florist.. Called Kimberley at 8:00 in the morning and got a quick response time to get the cleaning done the same day. They did deep cleaning on the apartment we were moving out of and left everything spotless as if it were brand new! Not to mention they were able to do all this with the electricity out. Will definitely be using them again in the near future for our home. Thank you guys for your efficiency!. Great place. It took a while for one of the employees to realize I needed help finding something and when I asked her if she could help me find silicone (decorative topping that looks like whipped cream) for my charms, she said she'd never heard of silicone??? 

Although I couldn't find the item I was looking for, I did end up buying a bunch of other neat things I found! I would recommend to a friend :). My husband and I visited Pittsburgh for Xmas. We live in NYC but he's originally from a town 40 miles outside the city. We decided to stay downtown for the holiday. We were looking for a place to have Xmas eve dinner and since we planned on going to the casino anyway we decided to go to Andrew's. We're very glad we did! We had a late reservation and ended up having the place to ourselves...fabulous! I'm a jaded New Yorker..not easily impressed by alot of things but I liked the decor of this place. Floor to ceiling window and had a classy yet sexy ambience. Our waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable. My husband wasn't too hungry so he ordered the scallops. I believe if you're at a steakhouse, you MUST try the steak. Our waitress recommended the strip steak so I decided to go for it. I usually never order a steak on my own but I got the 20oz bone-in rib eye and SOOO glad I did! IT WAS THE BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD! I like my steak medium (no bloody meat for this chick!) Our waitress extraordinaire suggested I get it "medium plus". She said since it's bone-in, a medium might still leave some reddish parts which I do not want.  So again, I went with her suggestion. I got my big piece of rib eye and I couldn't be happier with it! The way they cooked it was perfect for me! A little charred on the outside but still medium and juicy on the inside! I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes but my steak was so good, I barely ate the mashed p. That was no doubt my favorite and best steak I've ever had! We're now back home in NYC and I still can't get over how good it was. We will def hit this place up everytime we're in Pittsburgh and I recommend it to everyone! Mmmm....soo good!. Yummy, tender, well seasoned chicken, generously sized lumpia, and friendly owners- plus it is in a truck! How can you not like it? A Phillipino news crew was at the Phx Public Mkt  the other day filming them- they're that good.. Well it's restaurant week in Las Vegas and I joined yelp just in time to post all kinds of reviews. So tonight I went here for the first time. As a local sometimes it's difficult to get to the strip but this is worth the trip. After you park it's a little difficult to find. You actually have to go down Appian Way. This place is near the new buffet. It has a casual side where you can go through and pick up quick things and it has a very small restaurant.  I had the frisés salad with a fried egg which was so good then the special was Bronzino and then the dessert I had is beyond explanation.  It was like kind of a compacted chocolate and vanilla mousse cake with ganache spread all over it and roasted peanuts throughout. I can't even express how good it was.  This is worth trying for the dessert alone and I think you can go to the express part and just grab some pastries and be on your way.  I will definitely do that next time.. Finally!  Being able to make reservations on line is fantastic.  I often choose where to go based on if I can make reservations on line!  It's easy, fast and you can make the reservations at any time of the day or night.   Excellent!. Hidden treasure.... Everything was delicious, staff is very helpful and know the menu very well.   Big fan of this place will Definitely will be back. Loved it.  Ate some good food (the chicken tortilla soup was great) and the margaritas were even better.  Contrary to another post I read, I thought the jewelry was cheap.  Will definitely go back with the grand kids.. The Plaza is a great, dimly lit dive bar that hasn't changed its decor since the 1970s, and that is part of the reason it is so wonderful.

All of the food is extremely reasonably priced, and you get exactly what you order, no frills; straight up bar food.

The Plaza Burger is great, a simple burger with their awesome Plaza sauce.

The atmosphere at the Plaza is ideal, from its employees to the crowds who hang out there both day and night.

In all, its retro charm and simplicity make this dive bar a winner.. Closest location to work.  I love all of the employees.  They definitely know their customers!  It's a pretty busy location with all of the J&W students & bank employees that frequent it.  My drink is right every time, can't ask for much more than that.. This place was unique for me because everyone seemed like they were inside smoking but it was an indoor outdoorish place.  There were heated lights and it was the only place that I found pretty crowded where if you walked the streets there weren't a lot of people.  

The food was good, I had the steak fajita, which you can't go wrong because its just steak.  But I also had a fish taco which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had the pick three meal, so he picked tacos, chimichanga, and enchilada.  His choice was good and the chimichanga was delish.  

The bathrooms were very rustic looking but it seemed to look that way, decent for a funky place like that.

They had live music Friday night, where a guy was doing bad covers on a few good songs.

The waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there.

Overall I'd go back if I was in around Scottsdale again!. Excellent service. I have used this company twice in the last few weeks and they are great. Highly recommend! Very honest & professional. There rates are very competitive. Staff is excellent at communication. My emails are always responded to vet timely. Great customer service from office and electrician. I was very happy as were my tenants. 

I deal with  many vendors on a day to day basis so it is very unique to find a company that is at the top of the game. Highly recommend this company as we need to promote the good ones!. Kudos for having Gluten-Free soy sauce and having a list of their Gluten-Free items... The food is quality and not expensive, while being in a great location.  I wish more tourists were aware of how amazing Town Square is... Although it may make it a little better for us locals to have a place to hang out!  :). I personally do not enjoy dtlv and after this trip to the jerky store, I dislike it even MORE because we were forced to pay $4 for parking?!?! at 4 queens?!?!?! when we even gambled?!?! and they said they didn't see us?! WTH?! But knowing that the beef jerky store is right around the corner...I HAVE TO GO!!!! I love this store, no matter how much I dislike dtlv I ALWAYS make an effort to stop by to pick up some dried chili scallops!  they're the FREAKING BEST and I've never seen them sold anywhere else!  I always end up leaving this place spending at least $50+ without a problem.  If you're looking for some good snacks, GO TO THIS PLACE! you will not regret it one tiny bit! I promise you!  and I totally recommend the fried nori chips!  Plus, the owners are super cute and friendly!  why not say hello?. I love this OBGYN office, have been a patient for 14 yrs now and Dr Villa delivered my baby girl.  I also see Dr swarup, he's wonderful.  I would recommend Dr Swarup if you are the sensitive type, Dr Villa thinks he's pretty funny, but when I was pregnant- he wasn't nearly as funny! ; )  Other doctors there too, I just haven't seen them.
The ultra sound tech's are the best!!!  99% of the staff are just so wonderful, caring and take great care of you.
I am now a patient over at the med spa, they are fabulous too!  Darmey is awesome!!  

I refer people all the time.... This is the only place I go to. Elaine is the only person I let do my nails! I found her a few years ago, and will follow her wherever she goes! Her prices are great & she ALWAYS does a wonderful job. I recommend calling a few days in advance, because she is always booked!. We took bagels and cheesecake to go--which reminds me, I still have the cheesecake in the fridge. BRB FOOLS. 

Yum! Now that I have been reminded what a delicious cheesecake this is, I feel I have the strength to write the rest of this review. My friend and I got the strawberry cheesecake for our late-night Netflix girltime dessert fancies, and bagels and cream cheese for the next morning's airport run shenanigans. 

I tend to like a more dense, fatty, hilariously-bad-for-you cheesecake, but this one is light and airy and is a-okay for me. The fruit on top is good, but I don't like the red-40 laced syrup they drizzle on top of it. Next time I'll just get the plain because it's a good cheesecake overall.

However, the real winners here are the namesake of the Cafe--the bagelssssss. I got spinach and feta, my friend got the egg bagel with everything on it. Both were good, though after spending the night in the fridge, were nearly impossible to cut. I eventually got them both in the toaster and gobbled all those carbs at 7am (which led me to sleepy time for most of the rest of the day). 

All in all a decent place. I want to try it as a restaurant instead of a deli, too. Good thing it's right down the street from my best friends' house so I have an excuse to visit!. My friends and I stumbled upon this bar in the old port while we were walking around waiting for our dinner reservation. The drinks were delicious and the place was modern and eclectic. The place was completely booked past 7 so I think they're doing well.. This place is amazing! It is so warm (literally - temperature was in the 80s!) and calming, I felt so relaxed and would have stayed there longer.
This place is a spa, with the focus on hot and cold baths, saunas and steams. They also provide registered massages, so you can pay for a massage and go to the baths before and/or after, or you can just come to use the baths.
Upon entering, you are given a robe, two towels, slippers and a wristband for your locker, and directed to the locker room. Once there, put on your bathing suit, load up your locker and away you go!
They strongly suggest showering before going into the pools, and I like knowing that the other clientele showered before sharing the water with me. 
There is a beautiful large hot bath with waterfalls, and frosted glass on the walls. The water was so loud and the glass frosted enough that it took me a while before I realized this bath was facing the street! The water is warm but not too warm, and there are jets everywhere. Next to it was a small freezing cold pool. The idea is you are supposed to heat up, then plunge into the cold, and then heat up again, doing a circuit through the baths and saunas. I could not bring myself to PLUNGE into that cold water! I went to my knees. It was frigid.
The saunas were great - hot and pore-opening. There is also a lounge area where you can rest after bathing and also wait for your massage. They had a juice bar and snacks for pay too. i didn't pay much attention to that, however.
My massage was soothing and the RMT was very professional and polite. I know it's a good massage when I am dazed and drooling throughout, so two thumbs up!!
This is a nice place to go with your friends and chill out, although they are very strict about the silence policy and we got shushed several times for talking in quieter than normal voices. I wish their "PDA" policy was a little stricter, as there was a couple making out hardcore in the lounge area, and they also locked people out of one of the saunas while they were "getting down" too. Tacky! Bring it home or get a room.
Aside from one crude young couple, this place was perfect. I would definitely return when I get a bonus or something, although if your company does insurance refunds for massages, you can add some of your own money to it and it's worth it!. I went to brunch with a few friends last week. It came highly recommended by 2 of them, so I decided to make the out of the way drive to check it out. The wait was quoted to us at 20 min, but we waited closer to 45 min. The staff was very friendly though, and its not a very big place so you could clearly see people just hanging out at their table after eating. After the long wait I wanted to order everything on the menu!! Which was pretty decent size, a lot to choose from. Of course the red velvet pancakes were a must try, but I'm more of a bacon and eggs kinda person. I got the Piglet omelet (bacon, sausage, ham, and cheddar cheese) and red velvet pancakes, they charge a little more to get specialty pancakes but that's normal. The omelet was decent (not the best Ive ever had) but the pancakes were to die for. They serve pretty big portions though, so the pancakes are more like a breakfast desert. Which worked out well because i could only down a couple more bites of food at that point. All in all it was good, i would recommend it to friends, don't think ill be making the long drive to eat their too often though.. I have been going to Lidia for years and she has not disappointed me once with her skills. You can give her an idea of what you want and she will recreate your inspiration. She's the best and for a great price!. Hands down the BEST Mexican restaurant I've been too. Everything came out fresh. Our server was amazing (can't remember name). The fajitas for two, which was shared by my mother and I, was a lot and we had some to bring home as well. All of the staff was very friendly and smiled at us. I will be bringing friends and family here from now on.. We were visiting Scottsdale and needed to board our mini Aussie for 2 days.  I searched YELP and found Unleashed. What a great place!  From the moment we walked in we felt secure in leaving our dog!  The staff is amazing!  They are happy to be there and their love of dogs is evident!  Nell loved them too!  She could hardly wait to go back on her second trip for a 1/2 day play day and grooming!  And she came out beautiful from that too!  
This is the place!  Your dog can play ALL DAY or rest in a very clean quiet kennel!  There is always someone in with the play group!  Plus the groups are divided into two locations, side by side; one for small dogs and one for large dogs!  It is ideal!  
Wonderful kennel!  We will be back because we are in Scottsdale often! 
Thank you Unleashed staff for a great experience for our Nell!. C&W's is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown.  I've been coming here for years.  The portions are huge and the staff is great.  The only thing I miss are the huge, comfy booths, but I realize they had to take them out to accommodate more diners.  Order the Lobster Bisque; it's incredible!. Yelping proper etiquette be damned because I'm going to give Capriotti's 5 stars. Fuck it. It was Thanksgiving and I had the blues. The 49ers had just been destroyed by the Seahawks (note to self, don't watch football on Thanksgiving). My husband and I had absolutely no plans for the holiday and waited until after the game ended, which was around 8:00PM, to figure out what to do for dinner. Procrastinating will be the end of me. I settled on the Medley Buffet at Aliante because I thought they were going to have the butternut squash ravioli like they did last year. I was wrong. By this time, I was hungry and mad at the world. 

As a last resort option, I walked up to Capriotti's and ordered a Veggie Turkey sandwich with stuffing and the fixings. I had heard people rave about Capriotti's turkey sandwiches before, so I figured what the heck? Turkey=Thanksgiving. Once I tasted that sandwich, all my frustrations and woes dissipated. That sandwich was amazing! It was a Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich. 

What can I say? Capriotti's saved my Thanksgiving. 

P.S. We got our sandwiches in like 4 minutes and took advantage of the Yelp check in offer of a free beverage. The cashier was super nice, too. We left with full bellies.

THE END.. A few thoughts --

1.  The only cheaper eats in the Mirage that is NOT out by the pool OR in cigarette smoke.

2.  Best tap beer in the Mirage.  (Walk up to STACK or the bar at KOKOMOS.  No tap.  Mind boggling.  Party CITY and no tap.  You can't explain it either, can you?)

3.  Not everything on the menu is good.  Lamb and Turkey burgers not to die for, for which for these prices and location should be.

4.  Many items are crazy delicious. 

5.  I had missed the CRAVINGS BUFFET breakfast and dreamed that BLT would offer a breakfast sandwich for us late risers.  While I was dreaming I discovered they did.  WOW.  (Regrettably, the sandwich is salt laden as the homemade pototo hash brown is grease laden.  I'd ask for them to put the meat on the side and serve simple french fries.)

6.  A year or two ago I felt service and cleanliness lacked.  Sometimes a restaurant is such a hit it can actually HURT the restaurant.  Apparently new management has arrived to save the day, because service was again solid and the place was spotless.

7.  BLT Burger wasn't the first strip burger joint, but it was one of the new modern joints and set a solid standard.  It's impossible to be the best burger place anywhere anyhow but it is definitely one of the better.  And so if you're walking by and need to grab a bite in the Mirage, a good choice.  Especially late night.

OH WAIT!!!  I ALMOST FORGOT!!!

8.  You're not a red meat person.  You don't want a fattening meal at 1AM.  You want a snack with protein.   TRY THE FISH TACOS.  Not Los Angeles authentic but very tasty in their own right.  Honest.. I went here with my family (party of 11) for my birthday dinner and I am really glad that we opted to go here. Everything about this place was perfect, from the ambience and service to the food itself. Definitely try the Hibachi combo if you're going here, it's a really good value for the quality and quantity of food that you receive. On top of that, the hibachi chef was incredibly talented and passionate about what he was doing. We arrived late for our reservation (sorry :( ) but the waiter was very understanding about it and didn't even rush us even with another reservation for our table only an hour from the time we arrived. Overall, it was a great experience and I will be back next time I visit Vegas! 100% recommended.. Look no further!  Travis is excellent.  Very responsive.  Did top notch work.  Threw in extras.  Offered to come back and fix anything that wasn't right.  Can't say enough about him and the quality of the product he delivered.. We came to Tao for my sis-in-law's bachelorette. We requested table service in Tao but somehow ended up having a table outside at Tao Beach. We were really upset at first but the night turned out great. It was really fun to be outdoors for a change. I've had my many, crowded sweaty nights inside Tao before and it was nice to be able to drink, dance but also have fresh air. The major con is that the bathroom is far! You have to walk past the long pool and you can't chill in that area. If you have to use the restroom really bad, it sucks when you are in heels and have to walk so far. Overall it was a good experience.. Vey clean place a bit pricy but if you don't mind go there great experience I felt like a princess I got a gel manicure white tips with glitter cost 42 dollars. Good job on my real nails but on my broken nails I asked  for a fake nail over it the lady didn't do so good on those they looked really fat and fake but they blend in well with my other nails. Overall good job!!. Only my second time eating Korean BBQ. Service was excellent and the food was very good.. Idk how I feel about this area,  pretty scary. :/

First timer here!!! Ryan with the beard is so friendly, funny and full of energy.  I like him :))  and very helpful since I was so indecisive on my vegetarian subs. I end up getting the griefo, that's what Ryan suggested.  It was good. He put too much mayonnaise in it. But other than that, it was good.

Geez. The gooo balls, the chocolate chip cookies and the rice Krispy treat..... sooo good. Yet so freakin bad for you.  Haha.

so... people watching was interesting.  Haha I felt like I was in high school all over again. Every single person who walked in was literally stoned!! Haha. Smh. Funnnyyyy. 
I like the bob Marley posters :))

I shall be coming back.  :)). Great service and prices! Repeat customer and I received same great service. I had two large pine trees cut down and stump removal and additional large overgrown dirty spruce bush next to house removed and stump ground.  Trees were cut, shredded and cleaned up like there were never trees in the area. Same as the overgrown spruce bush.  
I am planning new landscaping for front of house and these overgrown and dirty trees were an eyesore.  The area was left spotless from any debris and ready for new plants/trees to be planted. 
Late spring I will have them back to trim all the palms on our half acre lot as they have previously done this past summer when we purchased the house.  Great service, prices and cleanup.  This are my only tree service !!!  The employees are very friendly and always let me know they are on site to start working and when they are finished they ask me if everything is ok.  Great Work!!!. My favourite breakfast spot in Vegas!!!  I've only been here for brunch and breakfast so can't comment on the evening or lunch menus but it was absolutely to die for.  The menu had plenty to choose from and the food and service was fantastic.  The pain au chocolat I had was the best I've ever had and the brioche toast was to die for! Lovely atmosphere on a Sunday and even though the restaurant was busy we weren't rushed at all!. As a UNLV student I am luckily entitled to discount health care on the UNLV campus in the Student Rec and Wellness Center. I don't have health insurance so when I do get sick, it really sucks but this place is the one who gets to take care of me since I pay the student health fees every semester. Here is what they offer for those who do not know:     
    * Physical exams
    * Specialty services such as dermatology, gynecology, sports medicine, and nutrition
    * Immunizations and vaccinations
    * On-site medical lab
    * Pharmacy services

My allergies finally got the best of me as I was completely incapacitated during my final exam for my Fitzgerald/Hemingway class. Not fun. Getting a walk-in appointment usually sucks, but calling ahead and getting one is a piece of cake. I made an appointment late in the afternoon. Since I had been here before, check-in was easy and I even got seen 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment because I got there a bit early.

First you have someone to do the quick intake - weight, date of last lady time, blood pressure, temperature, and this time since my eyes were insanely swollen I got to do an eye chart reading as well. The doctor came in very quickly and asked me basic questions about my history with allergies, then looked at my eyes and ears. He said, "Wow, I wish I could take a picture of your eyes. You are the epitome for allergy eyes." Thanks doc, I'll put that on my dating profile if the boyfriend decides to split with me. Yeesh. 

All that aside, he prescribed me four - yes four medications. For my severe allergies, I needed them. He did say however that my eye drops might be pricey so they could be optional. There is no cost for doctor's visits so I went around the corner to the pharmacy. The pharmacists behind the counter were SHOCKED how expensive the other things he wanted me to get with the exception of one item for $8. The rest were priced at $98-130 - EACH. So needless to say I am just suffering with my damn allergies but I'm taking the $8 medication. The only problem with filling this prescription was that it was after 5 and their register was closed so I had to go back inside to check out, but that was not an issue. 

Overall I do love UNLV's health center. They have always been extremely professional and helpful and really do try for the most part not to screw you over as far as pricing. I have done testing and the like before and it is always quick and of low cost. UNLV's health care is so good that I have heard of a lot of people taking an audited 3 credit class because it is cheaper than health insurance and you get to use the health center as much as you'd like. If and when I am sick, this is the place to go. Super busy on Saturday morning, but worth the wait...the bagels were fresh and delicious!  Sit on the patio at Camelback instead of at the main entrance on the back side...more space to spread out!  Very friendly staff too!. Very modern decor with high ceilings and exposed beams.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  It felt clean and well-organized.  I also enjoyed the view at the back of the restaurant where you could see the kitchen.  

I found the food delicious.  The bread was indeed a treat.

I went with the BLT salad and added wood-fired chicken.  The dressing was to die for! They didn't smother it and everything tasted extremely fresh.  The portion was a bit large though and I ended up bringing a lot home.

My boyfriend had their burger and found the bacon to be supremely seasoned and the perfect texture.   He is a burger lover and this one it near the top of his list.

Would love to return and try other meals here.. I actually had to sit in a quiet place for reflection on my fav place. My mom has visited from NYC Brooklyn and while I was birthing her grandson she was here eating breakfast. Like everyday after too. I shamefully have not cooked breakfast and ordered here. All this to say there is virtually nothing lacking on this menu or from my fav chef John or talking to the owner for my order. This is home with a smile. My eggs are over medium perfection. Economical for a family of 4.5 . I do eat there at least once a week. And i eat livermush now. (NY ERS, don't get this delicacy growing up dang). Omg  when my protein deficient body doesn't know what it wants guess where I go.? 5 min from my house for Whatever looks good on the daily lunch specials. You pay the same for a McDonald's meal or less and its real food. Think about that.. Haven't been to Costco for years as we had SAMs club closed by in California plus the service was real unacceptable in those days.  Demo staff liked they had company shares, real mean.
This year, my daughter suggested to switch to Costco as the one in Charlotte is closer than all SAMs clubs. It's also on the way to my church & I can save time.
So far, I really like their merchandise. I feel their quality are better than those of SAMs. Yes, the average price is higher as well.
So far, I spent more money than before as I shop more. They also have more demos. I love trying those demos. It's fun. I don't try everything as I don't eat pork or shell fish.  I felt I was a little kids if I found something I like, cant wait to get a pack....
I even bought a rotisserie chicken & hot dog & soda, almost finished half inside the shop with my friend.
Just like to see the price for fish come down to more acceptable. $7-8 or even $9 /lb is like in a restaurant.
Funny, they don't have tri-tip in Charlotte & I like that in California. Are the cows different between east & west coast? Or the butchers learn different cuts? :). If I lived closer to this Chipotle location, I'd go here all the time. Of course, the food is exactly the same as the South Boulevard Chipotle (which I frequent at least once a week), but this location is just much larger and has an adequate number of tables to meet the demand's of the lunch crowd. Not having to sit crammed next to someone else makes it a much more enjoyable experience. As for my favorite food there, I tend to go with the chicken burrito bol. Mm. So good.. Oh. My. Meat. MORE OF WHATEVER THAT LAST ONE WAS, PLEASE! Staff is ON IT! If beef was grass fed and fish was wild, it would be five star worthy. :) Applause to you, Fogo de Chao. Best tenders on my watch. Best beer selection; loving the two brothers and Arizona products... Great people and a wonderful vibe.. We love this place. The owner is really nice and always has good suggestions. it's like our " cheers", but for ice cream. So many flavors and varieties, you can't go wrong. :). I really like RetLab, but the prices keep me at a distance.
For example, I went in to look and I found the perfect sketchbook.
Adorable and fun, with a little pizzaz, you know?
I was about ready to buy it when I turned it around and looked at the price.
"12.99?" I asked myself.
"With 8.1 or something % sales tax?"
"No way."
So I put it down and went to Borders and bought a normal one for 4.27 with tax.. I always remember this place because of how pretty it looked during the time I went. They had decorations correlated to the season and their food was fantastic. The place is however a little pricey but there is a lot to choose from. They also have a place where they make desserts and make fresh crepes.. They moved me from my 3rd story apt to my two story townhouse a couple of weeks ago in about three hours. They were prompt, careful, and best of all FAST! Best rates in town too. I could have easily been charged double by other guys but these guys got the job done perfectly.. I love this store and I am not an teenager with my parents credit card. Matter of fact, I have teenagers. I am also not a size 0!  The staff is always so helpful with the type of jeans I am looking for. I am also not 5"10 so Buckles free alterations are ALWAYS useful! I have washed and worn jeans all to exchange them because the fit sometime changes with washing and wearing. And the icing on the cake is they give Veterans discount!!  

In conclusion, this is not just a teenagers store made for spoiled rich kids. I even got my husband to get his jeans there!. Great coffee, great sandwiches, cute little spot with a nice decor and great staff. I recommend the grilled cheeses- all extremely delicious. I mean this place has it all what else would you ask from a cute independent café in HoMa. Definitely worth going to after a little trip to Marché Maisonneuve (it's right across).. Amazing restaurant!!  Set up in a beautiful house in TMR,  the staff are super friendly and the food is great.  They also offer gelato in the summer,  you should definitely try.  What's amazing about the place is that the chef goes out of his way to pick the best ingredients for every meal.  You will always find what's in season and all at a reasonable price.. How can I not give my community clubhouse 5 stars?

A couple of pools, hot tubs, basketball, fitness center, party room... and it's all included in my HOA?! Score!. I think this business is family owned. The employees are alway so sweet and patient. My self and my co workers constantly place large orders and they always provide awesome tasty meals. Sometimes they even walk the food over to Us Since we are next door at ulta. We love this place!!! I get the chicken shawarma and it is always perfect. Thanks Greek pita!. My husband and I think Fat burger is the best tasting burger we ever get. When we try new places we always compare the burger to fat burgers and fat burger always wins. A  place may have better fries but will not have have a better home cooked burger. I took the Zoomline my last day in Vegas. It felt like I was flying! So fun. My only complaint is $20 for a single 5x7?! That's as much as the zipline costs!. Just had a great lunch with brother. Appetizer: Sweet potato fries...and some delicious creamed maple bacon dip. While we waited for our food the table enjoyed Martinis and enjoyed the crowded atmosphere of the West Gate Center. It seems a hockey game had ended or was about to begin so a flood of people came in out of the heat for some nice beers. They have a great selection of beer and martinis. I would check the online menu and make sure that you try something new. After a while our table was giggling and ready to eat. This place gets 4 stars just for the drinks. The girls had the lunch special of personal pizzas with salad or soup while the guys ordered the Grilled Korean BBQ Beef with large salads. Everyone seemed to LOVE their food. I wasn't as impressed with my Marghetita pizza but LOVED the Organic Tomato Bisque so the food gets maybe 3 stars.. We arrived in Vegas with the impression that we would be staying at the Wyndham Worldmark on West Tropicana Blvd only to be told that extensive water damage had ruined 40 of their rooms and that we were being moved. Well sweet! Not only did we get moved, but we were upgraded to our own suites at the Wyndham Grand Desert which is only 2 blocks off the strip. The facilities are lovely and there is a free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip that leaves about every 10 minutes. So it cuts down on those ever present cab fares. 
The rooms were very really clean and there was plenty of space as well. The stand-out point of the weekend was the staff. Every single person we encountered that worked there was incredibly friendly and helpful (with the exception of the concierge who had no idea how to do his job). Everyone was attentive and had a genuine smile on their face. The main pool area was gorgeous, and although the crowd was a little older than normal for Las Vegas, it made for a completely relaxing weekend.. I spent Labor Day weekend in Montreal with my boyfriend.  After spending our first day walking around, we nearly signed up for the double decker bus tour, but at the last minute decided to rent scooters instead.  Our plan was to share one, but the owner highly encouraged us to each take one.  She let us take the scooters to the nearby Mont Royal to see if I'd feel comfortable.  I couldn't believe she just let us take them!  I love the way small business owners like these will go out of their way to make you feel like a valued customer.  After the trial we were sold!  We saw so much of the city on our little electric scooters.  Going up Mont Royal all of the people that were walking seemed jealous of us.  The owners let us stop by whenever our batterys were getting low to swap out for a fresh one.  

I definitely would recommend this to anyone visiting the city.  Its very reasonable and allows you to see many areas of the city that you'd miss on the big bus tour.  Thanks Dyad!. If you're anything like me and wondered how exactly a simple stationery store could really justify a five star rating, you clearly haven't set foot inside Paperchase yet. It is the Mecca of all stationery suppliers, in Edinburgh at least.

After spending a weekend in April trying to find a simple, aesthetically pleasing, day-to-page diary, I was really frustrated by how little luck I was having. I know that it's not currently peak season for diaries but I still couldn't believe that the only ones I could find were garish, pink and covered in flowers. In the height of my frustration I just typed 'diary' into Google and Paperchase was one of the top results. As there is a store on George Street, just around the corner from my office, it was fate.

I really thought I'd just step in to the shop for five minutes max, but the scene that followed was me running around clutching three equally gorgeous diaries deliberating over whether or not cake bunting was really a necessary extra. They stock every type of probably-not-necessary but oh-so-lovely stationery. 

After spending a solid half hour in Paperchase I finally emerged with my new day-to-page diary that was down from £12 to £3.60. Bargain.

Paperchase really is that good!. It is such a treat to have a healthy option for fast food so close to my house. Don't get me wrong, they have their share of unhealthy items on the menu, but at least you have the choice. My family and I have eaten here twice and both times we were impressed. We've tried: 

Chicken Katsu- perfectly cooked, still tender and juicy on the inside yet crispy on the outside 

Orange Chicken- delicious and so crispy when fresh 

Fried Rice- not greasy at all and the veggies aren't overcooked! 

Teriyaki Chicken- grilled to perfection 

Yakisoba- wonderfully seasoned and generously portioned. 

Spicy Chicken- Cooked to order (mild, medium or hot) grilled chicken in a spicy red sauce. 

The icing on the cake is that fact that they have outstanding customer service. Before trying the spicy chicken, I was a bit skeptical. The cashier asked for a sample from the kitchen and allowed me to try it first. She also handed my daughter a free water cup when she found it too spicy for her taste buds. From the minute you put your order in, until you are served with your food, the staff make it their goal to see that you are happy. 

Great food and great customer service are going to keep this place on my rotation.. We had a lovely breakfast here this morning. Usually we will not choose the buffet but made an exception when we saw what was there and you cannot beat the price! We had delicious scrambled eggs, really delicious sausages, potatoes, fruit, toast, oatmeal and waffles with maple syrup. All of this for $9.95...including coffee.

The atmosphere was nice, the staff very attentive and friendly and they even gave us a highchair letting us know they had just wiped it down with sanitizer and it was super clean! That never happens....usually at most establishments we are handed a highchair that is in very bad shape to say the least.

A great place for breakfast. Only lost a star as I thought the coffee could be better..... but it was good enough considering all we got!. We went to this cute bakery this morning for breakfast.  First of all it was so adorable.  It was nicely decorated and extremely clean.  The baked goods were so AMAZING!!!  We each had a scone and each scone was served with lemon curd. It was so yummy.  We even bought muffins to go.  I would definitely eat here again.. In Vegas this past Saturday (9/5) and craving pizza in the worst way.    A friend of mine told me to get secret pizza at Cosmo's.    I wandered over, looked at all the signs in the casino, no pizza places were listed.   Ask a guy at the info counter and he told me to head up to the third floor.   Wandered around the third floor for a while seeing nothing, stopped a guy working and asked where this mystery pizza place was.     He pointed down the hall and said "go to the right, hallway with all the pictures, you'll smell it."  

The line the was long and the smell was amazing.   Waiting in the hallway watching people pass by with slices was torture.   Got to the front, as huge, deliciously looking pizzas were being taken out of the oven.  Freshly made for us to take slices from 

One slice of cheese and one meat lovers.   My god, this pizza is just good.    I'm a CA chick with a love of good NY style pizza and this place brings it.   I'll never go to another place for pizza again while in Vegas.   

My only tip is, call a head and order a whole pizza.   The wait can be long (so worth it for a whole pie) and trust me, you'll want more later.. A GREAT Adult show!  If you are offended by racist and sex jokes this is not for you.
I will start off with what I did not like and these are MINOR issues.  The seats could be a bit more comfy for the $120 price I am paying.  They are only simple regular folding chairs.  Also the green girl sidekick was a bit annoying.  But again these are minor issues!

The tent has that vintage circus style that I love.  There were so many amazing acts!  Especially with a small setting like this, you can see everything close!

Also they let you take photos!  i was surprised because every show I go to they said no pics!

This is one of the shows you gotta see if you are in Vegas! I know the price is steep but think about it, you lose more in gambling anyway! LOL!. Home-Made Authentic Japanese Cuisine served with a genuine smile and friendly conversation.  Not fusion.  Better. Way Better.

Only down-side is the area is a tad on the 'sketch' side for a visiting tourist.  But other than that,   'sake bomb' away!!. I was a die-hard Cibo fan when it came to pizza in the Phoenix area, but now it's a tough call! La Bocca was cute - not as intimate and hipstery as Cibo - more cozy and trendy. The wine list was amazing, and there was also a decent selection of beers on tap. If you're just planning on going out for drinks and appetizers with a small group, I recommend sitting in the "lounge areas" so you don't have to wait.
My bf and I went for dinner, and our server was great. She was very attentive and made excellent suggestions. We got the antipasti plate for a starter. Everything was tremendous, but the highlights were the prosciutto-wrapped goat cheese and the house pesto spread. Both fantastic and unique! For our main course, I ordered the smoked prosciutto Alfredo (which had orange zest that truly took it to the next level!) and my boyfriend ordered a build your own pizza. We shared our meals; the portions weren't HUGE but we had enough leftover for one lunch the next day. Finally, we couldn't resist getting the chocolate chip cookie for dessert. We shared, but it was small enough for one sugar-craving individual :)
I would definitely recommend la Bocca!. I have been coming to Dr Skabo for close to 3 years now and I have never been happier. I feel fantastic, struggled with back pain most of my adult life until I found him and his practice. The man works miracles IMO.  No sales pitch, no pressure, he is a very compassionate and smart chiropractor who will not rest until you are feeling better. I may be moving out of state and I am truly nervous I won't find a Chiro as good as him, he set the bar very high. Go see him, you will not regret it.. Great beer selection and atmosphere with a wonderful location and spacious pAtio. Hard to beat!. My husband and I came here for our 14th Anniversary and were treated like royalty!! I made our reservations on Yelp and included that it was our anniversary and they were sure to put flower petals on the table, print our names, anniversary date, and year on our menus, and even gave us free dessert!  Our hostess, waiter, and everyone else that we met gave top notch service.  On top of that the food was delicious!!  It was our first time there and we are sure to go back again.  They made it so memorable for us and we really did appreciate it.  Thank you guys for going above and beyond when we didn't even ask for it!. Great service. Cozy seating. The chef comes out to go over any allergies.  When the server asked about allergies my friend mentioned seafood (obviously not in the breakfast items we ordered). It was nice that the chef came out to assure us anyway!  Ordered monkey bread. All the ingredients were enticing.  For sure filling enough for one person as an entree. I left behind a quarter of it as the sweetness was overwhelming.  Still so delicious and I crave it!. Wicked Spoon is my go to buffet when I go to Vegas and is probably one of my favorite buffets of all times. 

When you think of buffets, you might think of piling a lot of food onto a plate and then all the flavors are mixed together so it really doesn't even taste all that great. At wicked spoon, everything is so beautifully presented in individual dishes. On top of that, everything comes in petite size which is perfect because it helps limit your intake so that you can try more foods. The quality of each dish is superb and there is a wide selection.

Asian station: there is always an Asian station where you can find your typical foods like sushi rolls, chinese stir fry and fried rice. What's so special you ask? They pack the fried rice in these cute to go containers size of your palm. MIND BLOWN. IT'S SO CUTE! Not only that, but the rice is vegetarian and is delicious. Oh yeah this place is very good for vegetarians too!!! They also have bone marrow which is to die for. Also oxtail pho which was pretty decent. The kung pao chicken was actually quite good instead of your usual bland kinda soggy chinese food at buffets. Sushi rolls weren't too great though. 

Meat station: omg meat galore! There are huge pieces of ribeye that the chef will cut for you and you can put sauce on it. There are also sausages, fried chicken that come in this cute little basket.

Breakfast station: there are pancakes, benedicts, omlete station that you can request the chef to make the omlete for you. Everything is individually presented as well. 

There is a whole bread and cheese and random stuff station that include fruits, yogurt parfait, shrimp cocktail, juices and salads. This once is esp. vegetarian friendly. I wish I had room to eat cheese and bread. 

Dessert Station: I DIE..... you basciallyhave to come here for dessert if nothing else. They have an extensive gelato station with very unique flavors like thai iced tea, blood orange and you can get however much you want. All their desserts are super beautifully made including gold flakes and everything is fresh. This is definitely one of my favorite stations

The service here is also superb and they always check back to see if you need anything. They give you free beverages including tea, coffee, juice, and soda. Everything cost about 44 dolalrs for lunch including gratuity which is super worth it if you think about the amount of food you eat and the quality of it. I always stay for almost 3 hours and eat slowly and enjoy everything. Everytime I come to wicked spoon, I leave happy and very satisfied and wishing I had a second stomach.. I came here with a friend on Veterans Day. Alfred Angelo was kind enough to give dresses away to our service members on Veterans Day. So amazing! 

The dresses were gorgeous and Shelly and the other employees were so kind to everyone. Shelly truly made it such a special experience for the bride (and for all of us) 

I highly recommend using such a wonderful company like this that so graciously gives back to the community when you're looking for wedding gowns. Thank you for the perfect day, guys!. Amazing views, and fantastic food. The highest view in Vegas did not disappoint whatsoever.  I asked for no horseradish and they left some on, but the steak was amazing nevertheless. The lobster bisque was rich and thoroughly enjoyable. At the end, the photographer was a little pushy in selling her somewhat dingy photos. That threw me off a little.. AMAZING Guacamole del Barrio is a signature dish and worth the trip in and of itself! The Guac is made table-side, ultra fresh and unique. Also highly recommend Esquites (small buttered and roasted corn dip) that was fantastic! Small, intimate atmosphere that is very enjoyable. Most of our party ordered a version of the Taco dishes and were quite pleased. I ordered the Pescado del Mar - absolutely fantastic! It's rich and filling, so I ended up sharing with table mates ... and they were thankful!
Barrio Cafe is on my must return list, likely every time I'm in Phoenix. WOW.. OMG, I had a great time here this past Saturday! My girls and I got in free and didn't have to stand in line. Yep yep! Love being a girl.

The place was packed, but not to the point where it was annoying. Music was bumpin.. especially the awesome electro, progressive, bass bumplin beats! The hip hop was alright too. 

We found a chill spot to dip our feet in by the pool. Kim Kardashian and her peeps showed up around 3 pm and a frenzy of people clamored to get pix of her. I got a pic of Reggie Bush from far away on my iphone. 

Service was friendly enough and we shared a pitcher of mojito which was really weak for $75. So, we headed to the bar to get chilled vodka shots. I saw a few hotties, but the crowd was mostly just average peeps. 

Overall, it was a fun pool party! I'd go back next time I'm in Vegas.. My first visit to the shop today, took both of my bots for a cut. Clean, very family like and friendly!!! Prices are reasonable and they did a good job!!!! Lovd the fact that they have video games for kids and free drinks!!!!. What an ANGEL!!!!!
I have never been inspired to write a review until now. 
He went so above and beyond to help me look beautiful for a wedding. He is so kind and helpful. What a delight!!!. Great customer service, amazing glass and other items! Everything you need plus a bunch of cool other items. Owner is super friendly and knowledgable. Came here for synthetic urine and I was really nervous but they helped me out a lot. Great beer. Inventive flavors that are usually well balanced. Decent place to hang out. Food right outside on Fremont. The brewers are good people. I suggest getting the flight.. I've lived in the neighborhood for almost a year and can't believe I haven't eaten at this restaurant. I had sweet and sour chicken with brown rice, and was extremely happy!!!! My boyfriend had their orange chicken and once again, impressed! Combo price is spot on. Their egg rolls are large, textured, and flavorful. We placed our order for take out and told pick up in 10 minutes. First time I've never felt miserable after eating Chinese food. Can't wait to try more!. I wish other cities around the world would take their cue from Social Bites -- they manage to serve really wonderful food at decent prices and to give all their profits to charity, so you also feel good about spending your money here.  We had a really wonderful lunch -- husband had the ploughman's sandwich with carrot soup, and I had the chicken pie with mashed potatoes and lots of good gravy.  Both meals were delicious, flavorful, and hearty.  We ate in the square (forget the name, near the Scottish portrait gallery) and were really happy to have found Social Bite--if we had been staying longer in Edinburgh, we would have had lunch here again.. Best sports bar food in the west valley
Excellent pizza and wings
Great drink specials after traditional happy hour times :)
Our waiter Jordan was terrific !. I'm visiting from Minnesota and went with my kids as a guest. The staff were friendly and didn't pressure me to get a membership which is nice because I only go to this gym a handful of times a year as a guest when I have time to kill. They gave me a guest locker card so I could lock my stuff up and I had no trouble checking the kids in as guests. 
The kids went in the childcare area for an hour while I did cardio. The workout areas looked and smelled clean. It wasn't over crowded at all. We took the kids swimming afterwards. The pool is very toddler/kid friendly and the family locker rooms and showers were clean and convenient.. I was fortunate enough to be staying within walking distance of it and passed my mornings with chocolate bread, rich baguettes, amazing croissants and crème brulee, the likes of which I've never found in my home of South Florida, US. The market is full of amazing stands specializing in cheeses, meats, pastries, produce, anything this little foodie could have dreamt up.. Love this place! I have been here for the brunch and also dinner and every time the staff goes out of their way to meet your expectations. They have great food and even better desserts:) I recommend this for any occasion.. Great downtown atmosphere. Had a great time there. Ordered the enchilada nachos. I thought the chicken and enchilada sauce had a good flavor to it. Great finger food for a night out drinking downtown.. I started going the salon as a result of Yelp and it's a Yelp success story in my opinion!  The Root has a modern and friendly environment and is a well-run salon.  The stylists take their jobs seriously and genuinely care about making their clients look their best!  They also work really well together.

I was very hesitant about coloring my greys, concerned about my hair losing its natural shine until Emily Claire explained the coloring process and the the fact that she was going to use color without ammonia.   I took a chance, my hair looked great and I was thrilled with the results.  

Earlier this year, I was going back home and needed to get my hair done urgently.  Emily Claire was on vacation so I scheduled my appointment with Emily B.  Emily Claire left all my specific information on their database so Emily B., knew exactly where to pick up and did a great job!  The Emilys rock!

I drive 30 miles to get to The Root and it's worth every mile!. I love Turkish food.  The problem with Hanedan is that I love the food so much that I just wanted to order everything on the menu and eat it all.  The other problem is that the portions are *really* generous so you end up feeling as though you might need to be rolled out of the restaurant because you can't bring yourself to stop eating because it's too tasty.  

In addition to the incredibly tasty and lage plates of food, the staff and owner/chef (I think?) are absolutely lovely and good for a laugh, and the setting is cute and cozy.  

I would say that the only downside is that the mains seem to be quite plain - meat and rice - and really would benefit from an accompaniment.  You end up almost needing to order a starter in order to have a bit of variety, but you ultimately end up with too much food, really.  I couldn't finish my main and had absolutely eaten as much as could fit in my belly.. My friend and I wanted to get our hair styled for my brother's wedding.  The bride is a hair-stylist so we wanted to look good and fit in with the look of the bridal party.  Many of the hotels on the strip have spas and salons that can style your hair or give you an updo, but it can cost around $100 dollars!  My friend discovered iBlowdry online and we decided to try it out.  I was less than a $20 dollar cab ride from the Vegas strip.  This place was clean and the stylist were amazing!  I got a glamorous updo for $65 dollars!  They also gave my friend and me Mimosas while we wanted for our taxi to return to the strip.  I would highly recommend this place looking for reasonably priced hair-styling in Las Vegas!. Was horrified when Rite Aids closed here in Vegas because it took my childhood away...Thrifty ice cream. But my prayers were answered (maybe from praying at St. Thomas More next door) when they opened up here in Henderson...in my neighborhood. I knew Smarty's on Durango & Twain carried it but to have it in my part of town is wonderful!
Driving down Pecos one afternoon, my daughter shrieked and almost caused me to swerve the car when she spotted Thrifty's. A U-turn later, we were enjoying chocolate malted crunch cones. Milk chocolately goodness with delicate chocolate chips and crunchy tiny malt balls.
Their mint chip is also good and rivals Baskin Robbins. I don't like big chunks of chocolate so their way of small flecks swirled into the creamy mint ice cream is the way it should be in my world.
Love that no matter how weak the worker is, their signature scoop is the great equalizer & always delivers the same amount.. This is a lunch review.

The Skinny (an update): come here for a leisurely jidori cutlet lunch with tonjiru soup, unlimited bowls of rice and shredded cabbage - this is a great value for $9.50 (4), service: attentive as usual (4) value: for the price of a fast food lunch, the jidori cutlet special cannot be beat (4).

I cannot vouch for the other items on the menu during lunch but I can say that I am enamored by the jidori cutlet lunch special here at Yu-Yu.

As previously mentioned, I absolutely love the tonjiru pork broth with it's intense umami/root vegetable goodness whereas I wasn't a huge fan of the actual kushi skewers and the other cooked dishes here. However, I was lured back by the call of jidori/tonkatsu cutlets.

The best thing about the lunch specials are they already come with a cup of the tonjiru soup. Score! Plus, the cutlet lunches come with unlimited cabbage and rice just like in a true tonkatsu joint - score 2. Finally, the crumb they use with the cutlets are the slightly coarser grain compared to what they use for the kushi-age which make for a better crunch - hat trick of awesome!

The first time we came here, the hubs ordered the tonkatsu and I ordered the jidori cutlet. Although the tonkatsu is good, the serving size of the tonkatsu is kind of skimpy compared to the jidori cutlet. The jidori cutlet gives you a good portion of juicy, tender chicken. Fantastic. Ever since that visit, the hubs has ordered the chicken as well.

So in the end, I come here for the jidori cutlet lunch special only and don't really feel a huge urge to stray from this given the excellent value compared to other items I have tried in the past. (4).. Mix so far is the best dining experience I've had in Vegas.  The restaurant truly stands for its 5 stars quality.  The fact that it's on the 64th floor of the The Hotel is already amazing but let me tell you, the food is to die for.  I have complete satisfaction for the foods and they're worth every dime.  Let me just say first that it's not cheap.  But who cares, after you finish dining there, you will be so satisfied that every dollar spent was worth the experience.  The restaurant is so elegant and gorgeous.  We ordered the Ham Mac & Cheese, Potato Gnocchi, Seard Duck Foie Gras, Roasted Main Lobster with Basmati Rice & Beef Tenderloin top with seared foie gras.  All were excellent.  I left feeling so full and happy.  We then went to the other side of the restaurant which is the Mix Lounge.  Gorgeous lounge.  Definitely coming back when I'm back in Vega again. Love this place!!! Ask for Tim if you like firm pressure! They are so fun here and fantastic customer service!!!!. LOVED the Peppermill.  A friend had told me long ago that I needed to go here and I've been meaning to, but finally made it on this last trip.    SO worth it!  First of all, I think it's probably CRAZY on weekends because we were there on a Wednesday morning and there was a crowd of people... luckily only a 15 minute wait, though.  Perfect timing for us to head into the Fireside Lounge for a Bloody Mary!

The Fireside is AWESOME.  It's so 70s Vegas... all shiny and neon.  There is a big fire and water element in the middle with couches around it in a circle.  Love it.  The Bloody Mary was huge, but not so strong.  I just totally loved the atmosphere and it was nice for us because it was also pretty empty, so we had the fire pit to ourselves.

When they called our names, we were sat in a big booth and ordered our breakfast.  The husband had a French Dip and ordered the fruit as his side and WOW, it was a huge bowl of nice fruit, including a whole cut up banana, strawberries and melons.    Very nice. I was jealous.  I wanted to try a bunch of things so ended up getting scrambled eggs, hash browns and biscuits and gravy.  It was WAY too much food, so I only ate about a third of it.  The "three eggs side" was more like about 5 eggs.  The biscuits and gravy were good, but not great and a huge plate.  I think they should do a smaller version.  I wasn't that fond of the hash browns either.  Only the very top was crunchy and the pieces are just too big for hash browns.  But, otherwise, I enjoyed the food.  

Our server was attentive and the food came out quick.  Cost for food was about $30, but I over ordered.  We really enjoyed our meal and the whole experience.  I definitely recommend a visit to the Peppermill!. Thanks to Yelp, we found The Hill Group and our amazing realtor Joshua.

Just from speaking to him on the phone, I knew Josh was the right person to help us find our first home.  He and my husband connected instantly when discussing areas to look for a house.  He was incredibly patient with my concerns and requests and ultimately helped us find and close on our amazing new house in the Coronado district!

We will certainly be recommending The Hill Group to anyone we know who is looking to buy a home.

Thanks so much, Josh!  We love the house! :). They have decent burgers. What I like best is their milkshake with alxohol! Delicious!! Must try nutella crunch!. yumm, yumm, yumm...
excellent bagels, very yummy bagel sandwiches! yumm, yumm, yumm!!
-1 star for the price. It's a little too pricy when you consider that an individual bagel costs $.80 max, and the sandwiches are $10+. Sorry! Just being objective! Good stuff tho! Very, very yummy!!. This was the best massage I have had in at least 10 years!!  Angela was caring, asked questions in the beginning, then proceeded to melt me into the table.  Just the right amount of pressure.   She is excellent masseuse.  I HIGHLY recommend her.  The overall visit was just great.  I hope to get back soon!. Great variety of fresh baked goods including rolls, cakes, almond croissants etc. Reasonable prices!. Brought my department here to celebrate a record sales month.  Had a great time, service was wonderful.   Would definitely come back.. Lou is so awesome!  Such a great guy.  I take my oldest son here and he loves it too.  Lou is honest, so if you can't handle the fact that your child is not the genius you think  they are or want them to be, then I would look elsewhere.  Lou is genuinely looking at helping your child to succeed and does not use scare tactics to get you to sign up for multiple tutoring sessions.  10 stars for Lou!. I love the clothes and accessories, the staff is friendly and the prices accomodate everyone!. We came here for a friend's birthday party.  We have been to several of these in the past where many of the games are not working and the building is not well kept.  This location was new and had 90% of the games working.  The party host was amazing and they even had a completely gluten free set-up for one of the members of our party.. Review of the Mother and Newborn ward.  
Simply put - EXCELLENT.  

Delivered my twins at this hospital via a scheduled C-section.  The staff in the Labor/Delivery and Mother/Newborn Care were beyond our expectations.  High quality of care coupled with a seasoned nursing staff that is kind and caring at every turn.  The nursing staff all work together as a close knit team and with each shift change the incoming and outgoing nurses would come to the room to make us aware of the shift change, and ensure a smooth transition from one nurse to the next. 

We loved having the option of having our twins with us in the room, or sending them to the nursery so we could get some much needed rest as I recovered from my C-section. And the staff in the nursery was equally excellent at caring for our newborns.  The lactation consultant(s) is terrific - helped me to get started down the path of nursing my twins successfully.

The staff at PVH is beyond comparison - if you want to feel cared for this is the place to deliver.  There are other facilities in the valley that provide a more "spa" like experience - but what you get in terms of "spa"-ness you will sacrifice in terms of quality of care.  

I highly recommend taking the tour of their facility and signing up for the child birth, breast feeding and infant care classes that are offered.. Good food, attentive service, great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The "Carolina" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good.. My mom and I went there yesterday and it was delicious! Highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogi (pan fried) as well as the potato pancakes with apple sauce. We ordered them to-go and enjoyed a Polish beer while waiting - very good also! I definitely recommend Taste of Europe for something delicious and different than the norm.. My boyfriend and I went here for dinner last night and absolutely loved it.  The food is extremely fresh, tasty, and the options are various and interesting.  Our server recommended that we try their fresh squeezed juices and we each ordered them, one being called the hangover.  Very yummy and if you want, you can add alcohol to them.  Our server was great, explaining the menu and the vision behind True Food and everything they make.  Its for the most part local and organic food and you feel good eating it! There's an italian side to it and an asian side to it, we did both and were very satisfied! I highly recommend the turkey bolognese and mediterranean salad.. Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.

SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.

Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. 

Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.. I lovr takara. It's "affordable" sushi (cheap sushi is never good and this sushi doesn't cost me my first born son) plus the vegetarian rolls are freaking delicious... I don't know maybe it's just me but any sushi joint is 5 star. Forget all of the other underground/dungeon/prison tours in Edinburgh and do yourself a favor and just give the Real Mary Kings Close attraction a chance! Yes, it is a bit theatrical, but you learn so much history and its absolutely amazing that you are underground in what used to be a 1700's "close" or street. Most fascinating were the little details our guide was able to point out such as the fact that the ceilings used to be paved with a mixture that included horse hair, and yes, you can still see the horse hair over three decades later.  There is also the remnants of a 17th century house owned by a Mr Chesney and it is absolutely amazing that the house is still standing and you can see left over furniture and paint despite being right under the busy Royal Mile and our bustling 21st century life!. Cute store, great selection, friendly staff,  reasonable pricing. This is probally the best scrapbook store in Arizona. I have to say the scrap booking convention was an awesome experience. Paper Vineyard has the next best closest selection to the scrap book convention.... Thank you for the 20 for 30 deal, can honestly say I got alot of goodies for my money. :) 

If you are into scrap booking I highly recomend checking this place out.. I just moved to Madison from Cincinnati and found Chet's here in Yelp. I chose them for their business hours. I do alot of highway driving for work.

Chet's is exactly what I want out of a car care center. 
They asked questions around how I want to use my car, how long I want to keep it etc. Oil change was quick and affordable. The shuttle service is obviously well staffed as I was asked if I needed a ride twice!

They quoted me an extremely reasonable price for fuel injection cleaning and new spark plugs and agreed that I do Not need it right now.
No pressure. They checked everything and never once tried to upsell.
I will treat them as my partner mechanic.
Thankyou Chet's for helping a Lady feel secure in car care in a new place.. Healthiest lunch option on Mill! Great vegetarian and gluten-free selection. The staff is SO friendly. You can tell how much pride they take in their food, and they help you in making your selection. You can also taste everything before ordering it. Love this place!!. This is my go-to sushi place.  I've been going here since it opened a few years ago, and I've never had a bad experience here.  Inevitbably, I will return.. I have now had two opportunities to experience the Party Pedaler...one for a corporate outing and another for my husband's birthday (because of the corporate outing).  You can not help but laugh & smile while pedaling away!  Can't imagine another form of transportation to explore Charlotte.  We definitely got a lot of looks, pictures taken, and waves...kinda makes you feel like a celebrity!  Our drivers have been great & full of energy!  Not sure that thing is the easiest to manage with no power steering...but they do a great job and you always feel safe!  I would definitely recommend the Party Pedaler for your next outing!. Very good food and service.  Only reason I am docking one star, I get the mariachi band for atmosphere, but it is REALLY loud.  It is across the restaurant from us and we had to raise our voices to speak to each other.  Otherwise we love this place.. The Sun is setting, what a sweet view!!
My most favorite hiking mountain, thus far!!! 
This mountain holds many great memories and times, it's also a challenge every time to hike up, then a smooth jog back down!! 
Oh soo GREAT feeling when I'm done, that it energies me for more and more!!!
 I simply love this mountain, and its greatness!!! :) 
                    ******************* __ Echo trail for life!!!__*******************. my boyfriend surprised me for my birthday with dinner at dish. he had called a day or two before to make reservations and was told he should have called basically a month before. but if he came in right at 5, he'd probably get a table for two. that's exactly what we did and we got one of 3 open tables, so DO make a reservation way ahead of time, or DO be waiting at the door when they open. we both got wine with our meal and a olive marinate appetizer. the olives were pretty good, a lot of variety. i got the gnocchi with lamb and it was amazing. the gnocchies themselves  were stuffed with ricotta, so innovative and delish. he got a pasta with hen of the woods mushrooms in an oil sauce. also delicious, but i have to recommend the gnocchi to anyone who ever goes there.
the service was excellent and the place is intimate and cute.
not super fancy, but definitely a nice place to go for a special occasion. worth the early reservation or waiting at the door for sure.. Service was excellent. Owner even stopped by to check on our table. Food was amazing. This is our new breakfast spot.. Twice I have gone to Pullman and to be honest, I was not really going for the tapas. It's just the perfect meet and greet spot. If you have ever experienced online dating, then you know meeting at the perfect spot is what sets the mood. Pullman has this relaxed atmosphere of people who want to drink and socialize, the appetizers are just breaks in those intimate moments of deep conversations. They say oysters and red wine are aphrodisiacs, luckily Pullman's has the best of both and a staff that is very knowledgeable about their alcohol (rare in most bars and lounges today). My only complaint is that three appetizers that my group ordered was never delivered, but who is counting when there is an abundance of champagne. You will enjoy yourself if you are in good company and forget how short the weekend is.. I enjoy this yoga studio as everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.  My favorite class is Candlelight on Monday nights with Christine. (She is definitely my favorite instructor!) I have a monthly membership that costs $99 for unlimited classes at both studios, which I find extremely reasonable.. The Vdara is so nice! I didn't realize we have a hotel without a casino in it. I had clients who had a corner suite on the top floor and I was very impressed with the gorgeous view. The suite was a great deal at $275/night!

The lounge downstairs was very posh and the service was stellar. We ordered a bottle of wine and snacked on some almonds. There was also a flare bartender that was quite entertaining.

I think my next stay-cation will be at Vdara.. This 5 star review is very much deserved. Thank you America's Security for making me feel safe again. Our neighborhood has had a series of break-ins in the last couple weeks. I was afraid to come home after dark. But thanks to the amazing team of America's Security I am now able to do errands after work. These five stars are not only for the company and it's product, but the sales team and tech team as well. Very Professional, very prompt. I would also like to mention that I saw a show on 20/20 "Caution Do Not Let Alarm Company's Into Your Home" You will be robbed!  and was very hesitant on letting these guys into my home. Let me tell you I felt very safe and comfortable with them. Again thank you America's Security for making me feel safe. If your looking for a home security system. I would recommend this one.. we had an amazing dinner guacamole was so good I order some ceviche it was so good the shrimp tacos where amazing  , oh and my favorite sweet potatoes  chips , everything was really clean , Alberto took very good care of us I think he made our experience even better. This is one of my favorite places to shop! They have a great selection of candles and jewelry. This is where I go to buy Alex and Ani bracelets and my favorite Mistral soaps. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help you put together a gift.. I'm so happy they built this as it's so much closer to us during our cold harsh winter. The place is clean, neat and the employees are so helpful there. Sometimes I stop at their salad bar or the Chinese buffet to eat before I shop or take out when I'm on the way out the door. They are a bit more expensive than other stores but it's worth it and they always have weekly sales items. I think all their employees know me as I'm there all the time! Their cashiers are great too as they run up and are at the cashier if they see more than 2 people in line. I just hate standing in long lines! Definitely recommend this place to others. It's much bigger than the one on Whitney Way and offers so much more with high quality produce, meat, seafood, etcetera. With it being so cold this winter I think we were all hibernating in our houses with our fireplaces going. When I run out I'm always running into my friends and we are munching away on their samples while we catch up with each other.. Asian Island has become my favorite take out place. They have Chinese, Sushi and Hawaiian BBQ, so if I'm in the mood for sushi and my husband wants fried rice, we're both happy. The food is really good, with very fresh ingredients. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated, very clean, and the people who work here are friendly, nice and helpful. We try to go once a week for my sushi fix.. I love oysters...and I always wanted to try this oyster bar...just never got the chance cuz I told myself "I'll only come here when I win" since it costs $22 for a dozen oysters. I never did win though, and I just look and stare at the place...until this weekend, I just decided, WTH, I never win and I want oysters, I'll never get the chance...so I just went anyway. So much for winning!

I love the oysters. It's really good and not too "fishy" tasting. Pricey though, wish they had specials on dead nights or something. I would come back here if I want my oyster fix!. My husband & I ate at Squid Ink a few weeks ago, and a few times since.  The sushi is fresh and wonderful. They have a large menu.  The service is spot on.  Their prices are very reasonable.  We highly recommend it.  And plan on going back regularly.. This nail salon has a ton of nail color selections with a variety of brands; some I've never heard of.  My manicurist is Linda, she's incredible!!   I've also gotten pedicures and always walked out completely satisfied.  I do have to say the last time I was here the person who did my toes took her time to make sure its evenly shaped, when I wasn't concerned about it.  :) 
Highly recommended!!. I used to come here when I was younger and I loved it! And I still love it! The service was fast and friendly. The chips and salsa were great, and the margaritas were delicious!! The food was just as I remembered, yummy!! And the best part was being able to go with my family! I will definitely come here again!. My go to Chinese take-out spot. Food is always consistent, portions are large and the price is extremely reasonable. They offer many freebies but only spending the average you would at a restaurant or any other takeout place. We have been getting takeout from Pearl Wok To Go for years.. The Foundation Room is located at the Mandalay Bay. It's a very classy elegant restaurant with tasteful dishes. I have to say one of the best restaurants I have ever dined at. Enough said.. I have been here three or four times for lunch. It's pretty close to my work, so it's very convenient.

I have had the meatball parm and sausage parm sandwiches. Both were very good. My friend has tried the chicken parm sandwich and liked that as well.

I've also tried the garlic knots, and while I liked them not sure if I'd order them again. Not because they're "knot" good, but because the sandwich fills me up and I wasn't able to finish them. Maybe I'd get them and share.

I haven't tried the pizza yet...maybe next time.. I have been going to Shelley for years and she is simply amazing with hair!!! She is amazing with hair color and  extensions........ I would recommend anyone looking for a hairstylist to call the Boca Park Euphoria and ask for Shelley...

My family and friends have been going to her for a while and really enjoy her knowledge and professionalism when it comes to your hair..... Call today and give her try.

Thanks Shelley!!!!. Serenity Skin Spa opened a few weeks ago by Jeanette Rebeske inside the Valencia Salon Studios on Shea Boulevard between Scottsdale Road and 74th Street. Jeanette previously was at Par Exsalonce which is how I met her...she was the esthetian I saw at Par and when she told me she was leaving to open her own small studio, I followed her. I mean, let's face it ladies, it's hard to find a good waxer!

Jeanette's one room studio is peaceful, relaxing, and incredibly well put together. She is such a warm person who makes you feel at ease as soon as you meet her and we end up chatting the whole time I am getting waxed. I can't say enough good things about how good she is at her job and I wouldn't trust my eyebrows or other delicate areas to anyone else around here.

Jeanette also does facials, peels and brow/lash tinting in addition to waxing. Prices depend on the service (for waxing, area of the body), but looking at the brochure I picked up last week, they are incredibly reasonable ($15 for brow waxing; $70 for a 50 min facial; etc). If you are looking for a good esthetian, I highly recommend Jeanette.. Randy did a landscape shot of Roosevelt Lake for me on canvas.  I am very happy with his work.  I recommend him very highly.  A+.. It's a very nice, clean restaurant. The service is super good! I can say that's the best, most authentic southern chinese restaurant in Vegas. And in deed, absolute, no msg. Unlike the foods in most of the restaurants in china town, (which are packed with salt, msg and soaked in syrup). This restaurant uses no msg or preservers, taste super nature and authentic. 
I ordered their signature rice noodle soup. You can tell the difference. The soup is free range chichen soup. Super.
Definitely will go back again.. As soon as I had my flight and hotel booked for Vegas I also made my dinner reservation at Scarpetta. Even though we had made our reservation made for 8 on a Saturday night we still waited about 15 minutes or so for our table. Upon getting seated in the dining room I was incredibly impressed. The room was dimly lit, beautifully decorated and facing the fountains of the Bellagio. 

Our waiter quickly approached with our wine and cocktail lists and allowed us to look over them for a while. When he approached again we were still indecisive. We told him what we were thinking about ordering and he made a great suggestion. Now that drinks were ordered, it was time to dig into the bread basket. We loved the stromboli as well as the sourdough and focaccia bread. The eggplant caponata was also delicious. If I wasn't to embarrassed to order another bread basket I would have done so.

After we had ordered we were anxious to receive our food. We started with the shortribs over farro pasta. The shortribs fell apart and were incredibly rich. The farro was the perfect companion to this well made dish. Our polenta was next. It was creamy and topped with mushrooms. Wow. We finished with the home made tagilatelle with vegetables and fava beans as well as guanciale. Being the pasta snob Scott Conant is on "Chopped" I knew this had to be good. I was right. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was light and flavorful. Seeing as we weren't completely full we ordered dessert.

And what a dessert it was. The bombolini were basically dougnut holes filled with nutella and a vanilla custard. They were accompanied by a nutella powder and bruleed bananas. It was the perfect combination of textures: The soft doughnuts, the creamy nutella and vanilla custard, the crunchy bruleed bananas and the light nutella powder were out of control good.

Scarpetta is a must for Italian food lovers in Vegas. It's the perfect place for a date night.. From the meat and cheese plate, which I included lamb salami (YUM!), to the heavenly bread basket--I could eat a meal of the cream cheese chive biscuits alone--to my husband's swordfish, octopus, mushroom gnocchi dish and my duck two ways--peppery breast and in-house sausage--with orange glazed carrots and celery root and potato gratin...our meal was among the top few in Pittsburgh that are worth the price. The ingredients were clearly fresh; and, the dishes were thoughtfully, beautifully, and masterfully prepared. And, if we had saved room for dessert, I would have had to restrain myself from ordering everything on the menu.

I would say that I felt, while the beer list is affordable and accessible, I found the wine list to be a bit overpriced in light of the specific wines that are available. The ambiance of the dining room is comfortable and welcoming. All things considered, we will definitely be back again and will absolutely recommend Spoon to others!. Ordered the fried ravioli and the Italian stallion pizza. I know I picked a great place when my boyfriends eyes rolled into the back of his head lol. Amazing food! Coming back again for sure. I needed a good shop to fix my Mini- saw the great review for MP Motorwerks here on Yelp. I brought my car here today and was soooo impressed- they are friendly and professional. the shop is clean, and they took the time to explain what my car needed and why. the prices are more than fair (way below the dealership) and my car is running beautifully. It's so nice to be treated well at an auto shop when you're female. I will bring my car back to this shop- they have made a permanent customer out of me!!!. All the red signs here in this plaza look a like, so Nook didn't stand out to me. :/ 

I absolutely love this place. My waiter was nice but Mr. Tagan was awesome. Anddddd he's the manager.  He was so friendly, funny ( trying to make jokes at me) and very catering :)

I had the Quattro Stagioni, minus the olives and parmesan. Which two slices has spinach and tomatoes, two slices with sautéed mushrooms, two slices with artichoke and two slices with ricotta cheese and mushrooms. I don't know how I felt about the artichoke, it was too tangy for me. The rest was satisfying!

Creamy gorgonzola sauce, and tapitio is a great mix for dipping sauce. Phenomenal!!!!!!

I overall like this place, I shall come back for happy hour! :). These guys are great. I hate dealing with cars because as a young woman I often feel like people will try to take advantage of my little knowledge about cars. Everyone in here was so nice and Danny was the best. He told me straight up that the repairs my car needed were going to be expensive and referred me to a friend of his who would be able to do the work cheaper. I've never had anyone give up a potential sale, in favor of saving the customer money and that made me feel like they actually cared. I'll definitely come back.. Great resort for families. All the excitement of Vegas, without the casino.. Today was my first time getting my hair cut here. I was a little shocked when I went to pay ($70), but that was my fault for not asking when I called. I was in need of a haircut as my 3pm appointment today fell though and I am not going back (see my horrible review for Tony & Guy). I was able to call and get in with-in two hours. I don't expect this all the time, I just got lucky due to the Memorial Holiday. Rene was great. I wanted to change my style, she walked me though the grow out process and what we would do. It was great. $70 was more than I wanted to pay, but the service compared to the last place I went made it worth it. 

I will mostly likely be going back to her regardless of the cost. I would have given it 5 stars, but the price was a little steep. Yeah, I know, its Scottsdale, but still.... Love the IP and really love The Linq Thank  you. 1. enjoyed brunch with mom and dog
2. a lovely morning place just gorgeous and wouldnt even know it was in this area
3.  got coffee while we waited for seat sat in the quiescence area. just lovely outside
4. side note have to come for dinner, drink by the fire pit outside
5. had mamosas and french toast, mom had bloody mary and spinach and eggwhite omelet--mine was awesome
BLOODYMARY TOO SPICY and egg white omelet was bland-otherwise we BOTH AGREE WE STILL LOVE the atmosphere!
6.walked around and noticed SPA AREA, ART GALLERY, homegrown veggies, and even wine TASTING  party nov 22. Love love love the pool area, and the renovated rooms. By far nicer then the mirage, MGM, Ballys and the belagio. I loved staying here. 
I knocked off a star because the check in process took FOREVER. They need one long line, that feeds into the 5 lanes instead of 5 lines  for the individual desk attendants.i don't know why they don't have the long ropes up, multiple people in line said that would have helped tremendously.. Came here with 6 people during a weekend trip to Vegas. They seated us right away even though our entire party wasn't there yet. They took a very long time just to get our drink order. We had also sat there for at least 20 minutes before they even brought the food menus. The menu is very complex, so it would have been nice to be able to review it from the moment we sat down. Once we did order, the food came pretty quickly and everything was delicious. Just a warning if you order any of the tacos off the cold dishes though, they are the smallest things I've ever seen. They were good, but the waiter was pushing family style and there was no way to share those unless you ordered 2 per person. The gyoza dumplings, black cod miso and rock shrimp were especially delicious. It was very pricy but it's Vegas so I wasn't surprised by that. There are so many amazing restaurants to go to in Vegas, I'm glad I came here for the experience, but will try some others next time.. I have been to different Taglianis, but this is my first visit to this location.  You can easier drive by and not notice it.  I love LOVE the 14th Street pizza here.  That is all I get when I come to Taglianis.

Our server was swamped with tables at once and she was the hostess/servers all in one.  But she still provided fast and friendly service.  She still had time to check on each table at least 3 to 4 times throughout the dining experience.  

I guess I will need to try other dishes sometime soon.. Dr. Yokum (spelled yocham) is awesome. My extended family began using Southside 10+ years ago.  Our dogs have been going here for the past 6-7years. We have used southside for shots, and annual blood tests due to epilepsy nedication, and have since moved to the east side of town. I priced out moving to a new closer vet, and all the other places are a total rip off. This vet is well worth the drive!. I love frozen yogurt! There was a great variety of flavors to choose from as well as lots of fresh toppings.  I had Polynesian vanilla with fresh mango and mochi.... YUMMY!  Perfect on a warm day! Well really anytime! :). Recently got my hair done with Adi and I have to say I couldn't be happier. He cut, colored, conditioned, and styled my hair. The color was absolutely gorgeous and he did a fantastic job on the cut. He is very friendly and professional.  I will most definitely go back and will recommend him to my family and friends.. Bajio is my favorite place for a yummy, quick, cheap dinner. I've gone at least once a week since I found out about the place. Their beef is delicious, and I just tried their sweet pork and am now a huge fan of it too! The only not-so-fabulous thing about Bajio is their rice. It's okay, but definitely not the greatest. Everything else is phenomenal though, and you can't beat the price; an enchilada with two sides and a taco with all the fixings for $7 and some change.. Ra has an EXCELLENT happy hour, and reverse happy hour on Sundays.  They offer  a lot of sushi rolls, and appetizers half off, along with great drink specials.  My personal favorite rolls on happy hour are the Tootsy Maki and the Las Vegas roll, but they offer several other choices so there's something for everyone!  They have great specials for Sake bombs, and the Blushing Geisha is the tastiest drink they serve (think, raspberry lemonade, spiked).

It's a great environment to go with friends, especially on a Sunday night when they have a DJ spinnin.  Not to mention, the food is delicious.  If you have not tried the Viva Las Vegas roll, you MUST!!  It is incredible!

It has a really laid back ambience about it, and great food.... why wouldn't you check it out? :-). Gyros salad was great!. Absolutely amazing tastes, service, location and atmosphere!. We got the Travelzoo package for $109pp. We got one massage and the other got a facial.  Gratuity is a standard 20% of full price package so additional $32pp. The massage came with body brushing and a 50min massage. The facial was a normal facial. The package came with the NuFace wow brow but she didn't do it so that why not 5 stars.

On the other hand, Cindy, led the meditation at noon. Go!!! Do not miss this!!!! It was life changing. We ended up spending 3 hours talking with her. It was such a wonderful experience. She is so in tune with life, reality, just such a beautiful soul! We will be there again to see Cindy for sure! That was the best part of the whole thing. 

We did the pool thing too but the meditation and life discussion really made our day.. omg - must see in vegas!!! saw them last night, sat front row and absolutely looooooved their show. so much talent. hilarious! amazing!! god bless you guys!!! love love love ya!! see ya again soon.. I came here with the guys from work when we were on a business trip in vegas. I never really come to places like this but I can say I am pleasantly suprised! They had a great selection of meat and veggies and even salads to choose from. The tables you sit at have your own little grill in them and whatever you pick you have to eat(otherwise they charge you) the service is great! They come by and check to see if your grill needs cleaning or if you want to try anything special from the back of the house. I would definately come here again!. Staff is always attentive and friendly and on occasion the owner stops by to chit chat and see how service and food is, which is nice to see! Rose and Brandon are always a pleasure to be around and give great service and conversation! Food is excellent as usual, great menu for a bar! Friday happy hour is outstanding, and the bar is not crazy loud even though it is very busy!. This is probably my newest favorite place for sushi! I didn't know what to expect, but i was pleasantly surprised! Their rolls were not over stuffed with rice and from what I had the nigri was super fresh. We sat in front of the owner and he kept our food coming steadily. He actually was making things for my husband, like the mackerel or the super white tuna, which both these items he generally doesn't like but liked it at Sushi Freak! I love that he added sea salt and lemon to the octopus and he did the same with the scallops! 

Service was awesome! The 3 ladies working there were very attentive and so were the sushi chefs. I definitely will be back and they have a great assortment of rolls that a pregnant lady, like me can eat that doesn't have tuna or raw fish! Definitely a place to go for AYCE great sushi!. It was purely by accident that i found this place! Especially the fact it is a mile from home! I had never heard of the chain but decided to try it!  I like this place tons more than their local competition!!!  The burgers, fry sauce and frozen yogurts are perfect!!!! Thank you for my new addiction!. I consider myself a total fro-yo connoisseur- I have tried every self-serve yogurt place in town!  And Yogurt Builderz is my absolute favorite!!  Biggest reason- their Only 8 Flavors- ONLY 8 CALORIES PER OUNCE!  You can not beat that- and get this- they are phenomenal tasting!!!  It's like magic, I'm telling you! ALL their flavors are just wonderful!  Plus fantastic toppings- everything from brownies, to nuts, to fruit, to candy bars, to sauces.  AND one of the cheaper places per ounce in Scottsdale (not the cheapest, but on the cheaper side for sure). This place has it all!  And a friendly staff, adorable interior, nice atmosphere.  Only problem- I always want to go back for seconds because it's so delicious!  Of course at only 8 cals an ounce, I can afford to- LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Did I already say that though?. Great place nice food ! Amazing salads and tortas very good fresas con crema. Great drinks amazing service !. Usually go to this Great Clips for a haircut. They do not perm or color hair here.
Mostly men frequent this place to get their haircut. Cost of haircut is $13.00 which is a good price.

The staff here is friendly and will take your phone number once you walk in and your name shows up on their TV screen, so you know how many people there are waiting there too.

Like this location because I can go to Publix and shop if there is a long wait and then come back and get haircut. Wait usually is not that long during the weekdays.. I was shopping around for a new fitness studio that I would call home for the next year or two. Things I was looking for included a variety of challenging classes, knowledgeable instructors, clean facility, and convenient location. Well, this studio met all my requirements, and moreover exceeded all my expectations. However, I decided to give 4 stars to this place because their front desk customer service needs some improvement. I was a Groupon customer who had no idea what this studio was about, and nobody at the front desk even bothered to show or at least give  some basic info about the facility and classes. Luckily, I am not that type of person who gets offended by insensitive  customer service people and decides to take  her business elsewhere, but for others that could be a major turndown. Just a little advice to the front desk: listen to customer needs, be proactive, and provide personalized assistance to meet those needs.. My sister Cyndy was in town on her birthday and my kids Megan & Michael and son's girlfriend Niki surprised her by making reservations at Alexander's Italian Bistro in Bloomfield.  When we got there, our table was ready and we were immediately greeted by Michelle.  From that moment on I knew they had picked the right restaurant.  Michelle was so sweet and attentive.  She explained the menu, helped us make our selections and made us feel like we were in her own home.

Michelle started by bring us our drinks and homemade bread which she replenished a second time. It was so good.  Then our meals came. Each one of us ordered something different.  Megan had Classic Chicken Parmigiano, Michael had Penne with Marinara, Meatballs & Hot Sausage, Niki had Chicken Piccata, Cyndy had Penne with Pesto Sauce & I had Angel Hair Pasta with fresh tomatoes, spinach, chicken with splash of white wine.  We all tasted everyones dishes and we couldn't find a winner.  All were so delicious.

At the end of the dinner, we all grabbed our to-go bags.  Because we had cake waiting at home, Michelle gave my sister a loaf of their fabulous bread which we enjoy the next day with our coffee.

So if you are looking for a great place to eat with fabulous food in a friendly environment.  Alexander's Italian Bistro is your place!. Good location. Like that they have two fields.. Round About Brewery ...  what a cool modern place!!  I visited the brewery for a Yelp- Brewventure and had a blast.   The owners - a friendly married couple are very down to earth.  I sampled "Octoberfest" and "Ginga Wheat" which was my absolute favorite!   Just the right amount of Ginger - hint of lemon..  its so delicou and refreshing.

Great location on Butler Street - not on a block near any resturants or bars - SO there is plenty of parking.    Plus growlers to go.  

Thank you to Yelp, our wonderful and lovely Community Manager, Rachel and Kerrie too..

Round About Brewery is...... ta ta a asty!!!

http://roundaboutbeer.com/. I stopped in on Friday after driving from Chicago to visit my sister at school. We were looking for something fast, comforting, and above all else, cheap. Za's definitely fit the bill. I got a heaping portion of spaghetti with tomato-cream sauce (my one weakness), fresh garlic, basil, and sun-dried tomatoes. It came with a big piece of garlic bread and I paid like 80¢ extra for some extra parmesan and sauce (for dipping my bread) but even then my dinner was under $10. 
We took our dinners to go, so of course it needed a little re-heating once we got home (I like my food to be burn-your-mouth hot) but it was delicious and extremely filling!
My only complaints would be that they were a little stingy on the toppings and the inside of the restaurant smelled a little bit like burnt cheese. The service was fine- typical counter service in a college town. I don't really care that they weren't super nice or engaging, since I was ordering to-go and the restaurant runs a fast-food type system. Order on one side, pick up on the other.  I wouldn't dock stars for disinterested employees at a McDonald's, so I won't do it here. 
I will TOTALLY be back. I already miss that sauce!. Just does not get any better than the staff of RSVP.  I've used them over 25 years for so many things and would not go anywhere else.  
The delivery staff even wore white spa slippers when they delivered this last weekend not to get the floor dirty and helped with personal items when they picked up the equipment after the party was all over.  
Lorraine, Luis - Thank you, Thank you!. I love this dentist. So do my kids. It was my sons first time. They were very helpful with him. And my daughter loved it from the moment she walked in. The decor is very cute. And the staff is beyond helpful and sweet. Dr Hoban was very informative and I highly recommend her office.. Tacos. It's a need it my life. Finding a good place for tacos isn't easy...Finding a place to replace the hole left in the heart after the closing of Verde? Impossible....until last night!

We went to the Grit and Grace late night Happy Hour for some amazing snacks and drinks and wanted to finish with an amazing meal. I've been dying to get in to Tako. I have seriously been waiting since the day it opened! We walked up at about 10:30 pm and they were able to seat us! 

The ambience in this place is sexy and fun. The red lights and the giant cracken in the wall are so damn cool. Even though the tables were super close I had no trouble focusing on the conversation at the table.  There is an upstairs that looked pretty great. I'd like to try that next time.

We ordered the quacamole with the editions of pepita, bacon, pineapple, and charred poblanos. It was perfection. The chips are thin and crispy and salty perfection.

My friend ordered the Duck Confit taco. Damn. Damn. It was so good. I was hoping he'd offer me more. But I took the liberty of sipping on his drink with out permission so...I won. He had the El Diablo. The drink was so good and fresh with ginger beer and lime that I'm dying too go back for the drinks alone!
I had the Chicken Asado. It was classic with avacodo and crema. My favorites! It was the best chicken taco I've ever had. 

If you plan to visit Tako you have 2 choices.... waaay advanced reservations or a late, late night meal. Either way DO IT!. Overall I felt the food was good, we have only eaten here once and I had the pud thai and was really good. I also felt they did a great job in getting the spicy levels correct. Most cases when my husband orders thai hot and I order mild...I get hot. This restaurant got it right (thank you)! The spring rolls were good. I will say the wait time was longer than what they said on the phone but was worth it.. I like this place. it's so big and you can easily get lost, but once you find your way, you'll be just fine. I'm a fan of the poker room as it is large and you hardly have to wait to get into a game. i come here for the poker and not necesarilly for anything else. dig it.. Got the William Tell for my first time trying this place and it was really good! Food came out quick and the staff was nice. Not a fan of the diy water service, but that's not a big deal. Coming back soon!. I come here for one lady.  Everyone knows who it is, so no need to name her and get her even more crazy busy!  Precision brows every time and very pleasant to talk to.  Now, please everyone else go somewhere else, so her wait isn't so long.  Thanks.  ;)

5 stars for her.  3 stars for the place being so dirty looking, but who cares.. Took my 15 months old, and he loved it!  Clean, friendly, safe!  It was worth the $8.. This is definitely one of my favorite coffee houses in Phoenix. Incredible coffee and fresh baked pastries. Did I mention they have espresso whipped cream? Yum.. Had a decent chai latté and café latté here along with a "cronut" and a muffin. Pretty decent. Wifi didn't seem to work. I asked about it and was told "it should work". I understand though that dealing with the wifi isn't what the baristas are there for or trained to deal with. But it stunk that it wouldn't connect. Oh well. Decent beverages for this local chain.. Went here for happy hour with some friends after work a couple of times. 

The service was great,  the atmosphere was pretty cool and the food was better than expected. The specials are decent - they give discounts to all you teachers out there on Tuesday nights.

If you are looking for a chill sports bar to watch some games, eat some bar food and hang out with some friends I would definitely check it out :). The Children's Place has everything I have a hard time finding everywhere else - great fitting, nice variety of underwear, PJs, trendy outfits, and toys for a great price. Plus there's always discounts and coupons to bring the price down. Check online, watch expiration dates on store coupons, and check the newspaper for sales.. Loved the food, and the experience!. Came here because it was the only place my little sister wanted to go on her birthday. The street tacos are honestly the best i've ever had in Vegas, and the corn was TO DIE FOR. I've been here before, but I was reminded of just how good it is today. I will definitely be coming back more often. I can't get enough of the Tacos Al Pastor.. I love the food and services . I forgot her name but she was great server .
     The location is awesome. Restaurant is great to go .... This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in the area. Great skillets! Be here early on a weekend the wait can be long. Service is generally good.. Do you like vinyl?

Do you like dance, hip hop and other club music you can't easily get on vinyl?

Then this is the place for you. My friend who is into both of the above spends an age in here, and occasionally I tag along. Of course I would love to be cool one day and own vinyl, I am quite content at the moment leeching off this friend and his collection. This store seems to know it's stuff and updates its selection quite often- hence its connection with Hard to Find Records.. Just found this place... Loved it! Nice owners, clean clean clean and brand new massage chairs. Also my first time with gel nails, which was definitely worth the extra cost. They were offering a 10% off grand opening discount as well!. Went to there concert Friday night April 11 2014.  My husband and I were there celebrating our 10 year anniversary. We had such a great time we laughed , cried and saying along. The minute they sang I'll make love to you I went down to the stage and was given a red rose. I was in heaven. I grew up hearing there songs but had never been able to go to there concerts. But we picked the right time to go and see them. It was such a great romantic getaway for my husband and I. There music had us singing and dancing. I definitely recommend to go see them in concert.. Man!!!  Aaama-Zaning!!!   I ordered strawberry glaze and the blackberry frost.  TO DIE FOR.  Best D-M!!! doughnut EVER!  Service was quick and they were SUPER DUPER FRIENDLY!!. Service was fast and friendly. Restaurant was very clean. Salads are fresh and taste fantastic (Greek and a favorite), although for the price I felt they could've had more in it. THE PIMIENTO MAC N CHEEZ W BACON IS TO DIE FOR!!! The chicken tortilla soup tastes more like a chicken chili and there wasn't any tortilla (see pic of soup that's not even filled all the way). The spicy chicken pizza had a great spicy aftertaste. We ordered to-go and didn't have any silverware or napkins when we opened it. There were a couple snafus with our experience but management did a great job trying to correct everything. I would go back. 
There's also alcohol on the menu! I didn't get anything but the selection looked good for fast casual  dining!. Yes it's touristy, and I'm sure there's better poutine elsewhere, but what made this place awesome for my husband and I was the waiter who helped us. It was a cold November night(no tourists in sight...besides us that is.) and we just wanted to stroll in old town(I was craving poutine, even though we had just finished dinner on Blvd. Saint-Laurent) so we decided to pop in. It was actually nice to walk on the cobble stone streets of old town without any people(very serene and a little spoooooky!) 

I wish I remember the name of the waiter who helped us but he was awesome! Since there was no one else in the shop he put on Bhangra music for us(asked us what we wanted to listen to gave us some options) He gave my husband a beer suggestion and pulled up a chair right next to us to chat( we didn't mind at all and actually welcomed it). He talked about paragliding in Belize and life in Montreal, while we talked to him about life in NY. He was just so laid back and fun to talk to. 

My husband and I split a veggie poutine and it more than enough gluttony for two people. It was served piping hot and with a little tabasco, hit the spot.. I tried this salon for the first time a few months ago, and absolutely adored it.

It's clean, organized, and a super cute shop ran by two women that are so friendly and maintain a very professional image.

They make a point to make every customer feel welcome, as they introduced every one of us to each other as the services were being provided. 

The mani pedi I got was fantastic and looked amazing. In addition to that, they referred me to a waxer that is not only affordable, but did her job well. She also works in the salon and has her own room. 

I totally recommend this to everyone!. I never thought I would review a walgreens but I have to say, the person that helped me today actually made my day better. He greeted me at the door, asked me what I needed help with, helped me find it, pointed me in the location of a fabulous breakfast place and made sure I knew where I was going. A++++ customer service. My receipt says #06534 next to the location in case that is his number-- he was great!. We started coming here when we had a couple groupons and now we're here every Friday night for pizza night. 

Pizza is great (even better when cooked crispy)! Fried mozzarella and spinach dip are fantastic. And if you have room cheesecake is delicious. 

All employees are extremely friendly. Andre is the best there is and has made us regulars. 

We'll be going here for years to come!. 32 Shea is my go-to place for coffee, lunch and happy hour. I work nearby and stop by a few times a week. It's such a cute place. The decor is fabulous and the patio is delightful. Such a great place to hang out with a glass of wine.


 The coffee is excellent and I've never had any issues in the drive-thru. I've tried a few of their limited/ seasonal lattes and they've all been great. The lunch menu is excellent- the salads and sandwiches are incredible. Try the tuna and the omg.

I've never had any issues with long wait times. In fact, I'm amazed at how quickly they get food out- the kitchen is miniscule.. This has become a place I visit weekly for lunch. They have updated their POS system, so splitting checks is no problem. They do have the most amazing tortilla chips, my mouth is watering thinking about it. Best mexican food in this area! om nom nom nom.. Delicious tacos! Tacos are the one and only main, but at the same time the different choices are fantastic! The pulled pork with pineapple salsa was probably my favourite, tied with the prawn tacos. I was really excited to see chicken mole tacos on the menu, but they were a bit light on the mole although still very tasty. The beef ones were good as well, but they were my least favourite of the four I tried since they were a tad spicy for me!

Plates come with two tacos (£6 for a pair) but it is recommended to have two pairs (£11) for a proper meal. The quality is high and the tacos are flavourful and delicious. Two tacos really won't be much more than a snack since they are so small, but then again four tacos certainly are filling. That said, four tacos with no sides and such feels a tad overpriced for £11, considering what you receive relative to other place for an £11 or £12 full dinner. The tacos are delicious and the place is endearing, though. It is also BYOB and you can purchase drinks at the corner shop so that is quite convenient, especially if coming for dinner.

Although the Bodega is pint-sized, I really like the feel of the place and the intimate atmosphere. It is a great, new, trendy place to spice up Leith Walk, too!. Excellent pizza with nice service as well as a clean environment. We frequent this place and we crave it more than our body needs...highly recommend as I believe they are the best pizza in town! This place is good for first dates and kids as well!. So happy I stumbled upon this burger place that offers vegetarian options. It is obviously very popular with a line almost to the door at lunch time. I was thrilled to see the "pulled" veggie sandwich on the menu, a unique and yummy meatless version made with cabbage and green chile. It would only have been better with some veggie meat strips thrown on, but I'm not complaining!  It's awesome that this place goes beyond the norm to create something special for the non-meat eaters. With fries and a Dr. Pepper, I had a very satisfying veg dining experience:) Thanks Paradise Valley Burgers!. Love their super nachos, carne asada w everything and I like their California burrito, bacon breakfast burrito is SO good too! Yum!. After a long night of drinking and partying we couldn't figure out where to go because the restaurant the driver recommended was closed. We found this place and it was great. As soon as u walk in u get the smell of authentic Mexican food. Everything we ordered was great! Portions n prices were great!  Great options great service. We are from out of town this was our first time here highly recommend.. Great prices, open late, great service and clean. Came here for a late night sushi craving at 1:30am and I was pleasantly surprised!. The spa staff was amazing, :) they listened to me and were really flexible with my schedule. The pricing is way better than the other spa's i've been to in Scottsdale. Recently received a waxing service, hair cut and color. It was fast amazing! I'll definitely be going back!. My fiancé asked me if I wanted to go out for ice cream after a nice dinner in Market Square.  I said sure!  Then he asked if I'd scream for ice cream and I said "only if it's Perry's" 

To my surprise, Dream Ice Cream serves up my Buffalo hometown favorite!  I was in love.  They will give you samples to aid you in selecting your flavor and you may need them.  With options like birthday cake, red velvet and apple pie, it will be a tough decision.

Aside from the tasty ice cream, the concept of the store is really interesting.  Flavors are sponsored by different initiatives and representatives from those projects work in the store to earn money towards their dream.  

Service was fast and friendly and I enjoyed talking to those working about their projects.  I will most certainly be back.. Hot and ready was awesome and yum yum clean and friendly ppl always luv me sum little ceasers. This place is amazing!
The chef is outstanding! The staff is super helpful and all the food and drinks are amazing.. I really enjoy coming to this gas station when I need to stop to get a green tea or when the husband wants a 40 or whatever. The one guy that works the night shift is VERY nice and always makes me leave with a smile! When he asks how's everything's going of he cares or not he makes it seem like he cares!

I come here purely because of his customer service. There's nothing spectacular about it just a great place to stop for a drink.. I've been in to see Dr. Schreiber three times. My husband much more than that. I have also brought in two of my children. 

I have always had a good experience.  He has been great to me and good with the kids.  As a mom worried about her children I can tell you he has given me true peace of mind.  
*He was willing to come in on his day off when I was to take my daughter to his partner just to put my mind at ease.  
*I didn't want surgery so he gave me choices to try first...and supplied me with free samples to get me through. 
*He had to preform a last minute procedure on another patient and apologized twice and checked in with me just to make sure I was ok.  
* With skin cancer being very prevalent in my family he could see my stress and really made a point to put my mind at ease. 
*Called me immediately with my biopsy results

All I can say is all the experiences with Advanced Dermatology by myself, my husband and two of my children have all been very good ones.  I think combined we've had over 20 visits....all good ones.  We love Dr. Schreiber.. food and service are amazing!!! We had a Machete and for dessert an amazing chocolate flan cake wow was delicious. ..
La comida y el servicio excelentes!!! comimos un machete y de postre un delicioso flan de chocolate .... Exploration Park leaves me nostalgic as an episode of Rugrats come to mind when they all went to the western park to face the bully that put gum in the blonde curly haired baby. LOL ANYWAY.

Well this park looks EXACTLY like it. So much to the point where I'd wish something like this existed back in the 90's for my deprived youth. I can only imagine how many kids role play playing Cowboys and Indians while playing hide-and-seek and drinking juice boxes. THE DREAM.

Other than the park itself, there's something for people of all ages to enjoy. Feeling a bit energetic? Walk the trails to the top of the mountain. Noticing the weather's nice out? Pack a picnic and lounge on the spacious field. Need a new dog walk trail? You'll happy to find that there are trails around Mountain's Edge that leads you up to the park. It's quite a scenic route walking there also.

I'm glad a place like this exists to escape the hustle and bustle that is Vegas. It feels nice to relax here without dropping a dime for once. This place can actually be zen like if you're lucky to experience that while posting here as well. Go with a friend or two- Especially during those beautiful Vegas afternoons.. Love this place.  Gourmet burgers and shakes.  The shakes are made to order (i.e. I got my vanilla malt heavy on the malt, to the point it was almost crunchy and I was super happy).  Glad I got the onion rings rather than the fries and the you can't go wrong with the burgers.  I did get a salad to make myself feel a little virtuous, (a milkshake and a cocktail at 10:00 a.m.) do tend to make you feel a liiiitle guilty.  The server was super nice and took the time to point out his favorite art, share stories about the artist and some of the pieces.  Fabulous place and I can't wait to come back.  Super chill and they give you delicious popcorn, which you can ask for a to go container of and will make for an excellent midnight snack.. YUMMM. I'm still craving it. I had the burger with the fried mushroom in it. It was so nice and crispy and light!. Great store. Found a Pink computer chair $10, A wonderful home interiors 4 ft wall decoration $5, 2 red iron wall scones $5 each, and some shot  glasses for $1 each. 2 throw pillows $2 and they gave me $ off the total price. Nice girl working there also.. Let's just start with the elephant in the room...picture a vintage Arnold Schwarzenegger flexing his biceps in the mirror. This is the framed "art" inside the women's restroom located on the 2nd floor. Odd. I nearly poked my eyes out with my mascara brush from staring. It's hypnotizing.

Now that we got that out of the way, let's talk about  the restaurant!

After months of whining, a group of 8 of us finally decided to nut up or shut up and finally made plans. (Thank you, Samantha B. for organizing!)

Getting a reservation for 8 is not an easy task. The building is a three-story, traditional townhouse  that is very narrow leaving only so much space inside for the dining area, bar, and the kitchen. And, it is located in the middle of Allentown. Yes, Allentown. This fact could qualify as the baby elephant in the room but it seems to be the trend to operate fantastic restaurants in areas that would make your average xenophobe from suburbia go bat shit cray cray.  And, for the record, I'm not drinking Hatorade. I was equally "scurred"  during the drive up E. Warrington Avenue...and I live in the East End where hipsters and old school hippies are known to reside and give peace a chance. 

The reality is what it is. It's a scary part of town but it did not matter a damn when we got out of the car. It was a Saturday night and we were greeted by an average Joe  valet who sincerely welcomed us to the restaurant  and told us to enjoy our dinner. The locals who walked by smiled and nodded as if they were giving us their approval. It's as if the restaurant was under a dome, protected by a force field that doesn't allow the stereotypical nonsense most would fear when entering Allentown at night. 

We were greeted by our server who immediately took our drink orders. I didn't see a bar on the first floor so I almost hesitated to order my usual dirty martini and my sweetheart's Manhattan, thinking they were limited in their mixology. Orders were taken without pause and both drinks were most impressive. Our friends enjoyed vino rossos and biancos from their diverse wine list that is 100% Italia! 

Tables are set with "Holy Oil" for dipping artisanal Italian breads, a seasoned cheese and cecci bean gustoso, and, my favorite, a fresh goat cheese olive spread.

We started with the artichoke appetizer special and shared the meatball appetizer with the rest of the table. Yes, shared. The meatball is bigger than Barry Bonds and Kanye West's egos combined. And, it was friggin' fantastic. The flavors, the marinara sauce, the mozzarella stuffed inside...If I could marry a meatball, this would be matrimonial bliss.

My sweetheart chose the highly recommended veal chop Milanese. This is yet another piece of meat listed on the menu not small in size. Because I am always the a-hole of the group, I asked if I could have Linguine and Clam sauce instead of the pasta prep on the menu. Again, no hesitation. Wow. But the groans from my our table makes me still an a-hole. I DON'T CARE! IT WAS MY CARB DAY DAMNIT! :-)

Our entrees did not disappoint. TASTY!!!! The entrees minus the pasta came with salad and pasta side served family style. Lots of food to be shared.

We finished with the hand-spun espresso gelato. Others at the table went for other gelato flavors and the Tiramisu. We all had spoons to share. All were "delish".

I was tempted to order the other highly recommended entree, the Cowboy Steak Diane. My friend Beth had the pleasure. The wild mushrooms on her dish looked just as big as the meatballs and she raved about the Worcestershire butter. She offered me a sample but I was too full and ready to birth my food baby.

Oh yeah. How could I forget! Franco Harris walked in. SHUT UP!!! Not entirely surprising after viewing the wall on the second floor covered with photos of VIPs posing with the chef/owner. 

It's great to see a gem in Allentown that can shine a light on the other diamonds in the ruff in that area. But don't let  the neighborhood fool you. This restaurant is VERY high end in service, cuisine, price, and atmosphere.

I really enjoyed my experience at Alla Familigia so maybe it wasn't such a coincidence they placed The Terminator's Mr. Universe pic in the restroom...because... I'll be back.. I have trouble trusting hairstylists because of what has happened to me in the past. Since moving to Las Vegas I haven't found a salon I really like but no more! Diva studio and Sandy came highly recommended to me through a friend I worked with in downtown Las Vegas. 

This salon is so chic. They have tons of magazines at the color bar so boredom doesn't strike. They offer you coffee and water when you first walk in. The atmosphere is chic and clean. 

I have dark brown hair and I wanted to lighten it and I wanted more color and a cut. I got a style, cut and color from Sandy and she is heaven sent. Oh my god she knows what she is doing! Her assistants name was Melissa I think and she was so sweet and welcoming. She got me a salad from a place that was around the salon because I was starving! The restaurant nearby ended up making me the wrong salad and Melissa insisted on going back and getting the correct one. She's so sweet! Total I think they spent around 2 and a half to three hours on my hair. I told them I needed to leave by exactly 4 pm and that's what they did. I got out of there exactly when I needed to be. 

This salon is pricey but you get what you pay for in regards to hair so I didn't mind at all. Sandy is absolutely amazing! She's so sweet and has lots of experience and made me feel so comfortable! I have a hard time saying I'll go somewhere else to get my hair done after the amazing transformation she pulled on me. If you want someone who is going to do A+ work and a great salon atmosphere go here!!. I loved the waterfall inside of this club! This is definitely my favorite nightclub in Vegas. They have a huge dance floor and a long bar, what more can you ask for? Oh, the lovely waterfall INSIDE of the club, that's what. Just magnificent.. Yummy! Best place & free games too!. My family and I love Haymaker!  The food and atmosphere are wonderful! My husband loves the patriotic decor, as he is a veteran.  
The employees are very kind and accommodating and the burgers are fantastic along with everything else we have had.

We are going back tonight and we could not be happier.. Great way to end a Vegas trip, limited selection for Vegetarians, but they have a delicious Veggie Burger, that is SO HUGE. I could barely finish half. 

My friends started their meal with the oxtail fries & I have never seen such a happy trio! They devoured the fries. 

The veggie burger flavors were fantastic! The actual patty tasted fresh and one of the best I've had.  It wasn't too dry, and the flavors were a great mix! There were bits of red bean & walnuts tucked inside the patty as well.  The patty was paired with fried eggplant, fried tofu, fresh greens and lemon aioli. The bun itself was so fluffy & light!. The General Manager, Doug Flemming, was outstanding at getting us taken care of by all of his great people.  We appreciated how nice, helpful, and knowledgeable everyone was. It made the experience very easy. We love our GTI and would recommend Findlay VW to anyone looking to buy.. First of all, I have to walk in and slowly go around the shop scoping out all of the unique, one of a kind items  There are victorian, mid-century, vintage industrial, funky, and interesting finds.  It's hard to take it all in if you're a shop-a-holic like me.  But, I do, I take it  in by walking slowly, examining and pondering each item, trying to figure out if it fits my personality and my own space. 

There is a variety of furniture, pillows, art work, quirky storage items, and yes, even jewelry. And the jewelry is either vintage or hand made.  Gotta love that!  I have purchased something each time I have made a visit.  Okay, I'll tell you!  I bought a great vintage red wooden storage box on wheels, a wonderful art print signed by the artist, (Most people who visit my home comment on the message it give.)and today, Today I purchased two wooden shutters for my window in the back of my house. (I'm going for a rustic Mexican courtyard look: the shutters will add sooo much)....can you tell I'm excited with this find?  Well I am!  The price was amazing!  I have gone to various, out of the way places in the East Valley looking for the right shutters, low and behold, Thriftiques had them.  I actually keep thinking about the burlap, pillow with the fun, young looking, turquoise polka dots that I wish I would have bought...maybe tomorrow.

So by now you obviously can tell I love this place and would highly recommend a visit.  Spend time roaming though, it will be so much fun for you! Good luck and happy shopping!. Oh yeah, I am really indecisive. Mix in a soy latte with my anxiety and I am good to go.

Seriously, somehow the best soy lattes around, and they are not snobs about it. The vegan ice cream and waffle options are very cool too.. Thank you for being a respite from The Strip, my little Cafe.
You were hard to find; I almost lost it looking for your elevator between two shops along the Grand Canal, but when we finally made it upstairs to your light filled atrium, I knew it was all worth it.

The free coffee refills didn't hurt either.

Your food was fresh, healthy and delicious.  Sprouted Wheat Bagel!  Yes, I think I will.  House made granola was a delight; and a good portion too!  Tofu breakfast sandwich was on the small side, but looked and tasted delishous.  And what a lovely fruit cup it came with!  $30 all in isn't terrible,  and with real food in our bellies, we lasted until Happy Hour.  Of course, it was 11am when we ate breakfast, but you know how it goes.

So, thank you, cafe, for being such a sweet surprise.  I will be seeing you again.. love Love LOVE this place! They have such a variety of beers but house my all-time favorite beer Four Peaks Peach Ale! If you are just visiting town- this place is a MUST! The beer is amazing and their food is delicious. Burgers are awesome. My favorite thing to eat there is the Chicken Salad Pita and the yummiest pasta salad I've ever had! The only few downsides are parking can sometimes be an issue and there is often a wait- so get there early! Can't wait to go back!!. Great place for gelatine.  Frank is awesome, so is all the other staff.  Everyone is friendly, they offer samples and suggestions and now they even have a way to save money while there!  I heart Chill!. Just came here for the first time this morning after months and months of driving by it wondering what it was like. My son is almost 2 and had a blast. We got there at 10am and it was perfect - a good bunch of kids to play with but not overcrowded like other kid friendly places. The woman at the front (maybe the owner) was super nice and helpful, introduced all the different things there and made us feel very welcome. Best thing - it's only $5!! Can't get better than that. Inside there was a TON to play with for all ages - the big things are the big bounce house, the climbing gym thing and a big plane teeter totter. But they had lots of stuff for the little ones like play stoves, balls, cars and trains, puzzles, books, the list goes on and on. Definitely something for everyone. AND all the toys were very clean and new looking, which was comforting. A lot of the parents hang out in there with the kids or talk with each other. They have a little cafe which we didn't try, but the woman did offer me a cappuccino when i got there which was really cool. They also do lots of themed events each weekend which makes it fun to keep coming back. I already am planning on coming back tomorrow with a few friends!. I'm not a Beatles fan at all. In fact you might say I hate them. I only went because my friends wanted to go. We got one of those cheap Vegas show ticket deals and wound up with great seats. Though I don't think there's a bad seat in the house due to the way the stage is set up.

Anyway it was my first Cirque show ever and I had a great time. It was fun from start to end. Some characters were kinda creepy yet cute at the same time. I thought the kids were particularly good.

They sell lots of LOVE items any Beatles fan would appreciate. I don't think I'd see it again but I definetly enjoyed the performance.. Wish I knew the guys name at the counter that helped us out tonight....BUT, what an absolute sweet, cool guy!!! Followed all the Health laws regarding ID, yet wasn't a prick about it, just very, very cool! Josh has the BIGGEST "Kudo's" for being such a knowledeable piercer, while doing my daughter's nose piercing! Thanks, guys! You are the BEST! Will for sure go back to your shop!!!!. The food, the ambience, and the owner Fernando makes this place extra special! I've been telling friends what an awesome place Spiga is. Date night is in order at Spiga.. Was staying at the MGM and got a $50 credit for a restaurant in the hotels so we decided to come here. Very glad we did. 

Low Down: 

Nice restaurant, dark/cozy ambience

Everything here was tasty. The pasta dishes didn't disappoint! Just note that portions are like true Italian portions not Olive Garden portions so you might want to order an appetizer or something to feel satisfied. 

They also have a good wine menu so you should be able to find something that suits your wine palate!  

I would definitely come here again even without the restaurant credit! :). This place is fast and you can pick what you want right down to the sauce and cheese.  Fast service and very friendly.  Thin crispy crust just the way I like.. Hubby and I went to the Mushroom on Mill for Happy Hour.
We had been there before, but never took advantage of the HH specials - half off drinks and apps. 
This is definitely the times we will go back over and over for.

The food is good, though not necessarily great. During previous visits, we usually ordered a pizza and a beer or two. Any other time it seems as though the cost for this is usually a but higher than I would normally like.

During HH we were able to order a couple of things off the "Munchies" menu. 10 wings for me (under $5) and spinach dip with pitas for him (under $4) and we were able to have about 3 craft beers each. For all this, we paid much less than if we would have just gone out for a pizza.
Bonus - We used a groupon $10 for $20 and it applied during HH!!!

The tap list is pretty decent as well.. Definitely not bad for a chain restaurant. Good stuff and they seem to update on taphunter.

The staff is a bit hit or miss at times with friendliness/attentiveness, but this trip we got to meet and chat with the manager Aaron. He is a superstar!! He was so friendly and nice and made us feel so welcomed and like we were old friends/regulars! He knew his craft beer as well and was able to recommend something amazing for my hubby who gave him 2 thumbs up.
I really loved his demeanor and honestly, I will return to this Mellow Mushroom again and again because of him and those HH specials!. The service and food was AMAZING!!  Can't wait to go back.. Had a delicious meal the other night. Linguine and clams were amazing. My friend ordered the veal chop and loved it. Quaint atmosphere and enjoyed talking with the chef! Definitely recommend this place and we will go back.. I had no problem redeeming the 30-50 coupon. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. 
The clothes came out clean, except one that said they couldn't take the stains off without damaging the item, that item was charge which I don't think it should; since it was not cleaned. 
The price on my personal opinion it's very expensive. I took 11 pieces and paid with coupon over $80.. The staff is always friendly, the food is always fresh and you hardly ever have to wait for a table.  If you like pho, this is definitely the best restaurant in Vegas for it.  Great prices on quality foods.. I hadn't been here for years and decided to go back for a cut and color. I'm so happy I did. Heidi did an amazing job, the prices were very reasonable, and everyone was very friendly! I will definitely be going back!. I have to say that my first experience with capriottis was not a good one. Not necessarily a bad one either but it didn't make me want to come back again. I have to say I am glad I gave it another try. My first visit was just not impressive. The food was ok but I could have made a better sandwich at home is honestly what I was thinking. But this last time I went. I had a philly cheese steak sandwich. Yum! Gotta say I liked it. And I am super picky about my steak sandwiches. Prolly because they first time I had a Philly was when my bf's grandpa made them with some really expensive steak. I was spoiled and ruined for any other philly I ate there after lol anyways although it was not even comparable to the philly my bf's grandpa made it was still quite good :). My besties took me here for my birthday this year when I said I was craving a little sushi and a little kobe steak. Our waitress was awesome! She recommended different sushis and sashimis that I had not tried before and because it was my birthday and I could do what I wanted, I ordered a ton of different ones to go with a small filet. We polished a bottle (or two) of good red wine, a few martinis, and sake all for the sAKE of birthday girl wishes. What I love about Sapporo is that you can do a Teppan table or just do a basic sushi 'order off the menu' type of dinner. My favorite roll became the 'Friends with Benefits' roll. Everything that a friend.. with benes.. should be. But I ate it and left .. Ha! Mention a birthday or special occasion and they will bring you a treat. Summer has the Happy Hour All Day Menu.. Do that while you watch cougars prey on the young!. I was here in August, came for the Tattoo, the Fringe Festival happen to be going on at the same time. The Royal Mile was packed. The vibe was awesome, so many people and so much going on in every pub, restaurant and street corner. Tons of shops to stop in a grab a souvenir. The cobblestone streets and the amazing buildings, so many historical sites, St. Giles Cathedral, The Real Mary King's Close, etc. It's so clean through here despite the crowds. Definitely a way to spend a good couple of days walking around.. Sometimes you just crave pancakes, and Short Stack totally gets that. I order the gluten free blueberry pancakes every time I go, and they are always so fluffy and fruity and satisfying. Their bloody mary is also something very very special. It has just the right amount of spice without overpowering the myriad other flavors, and the hint of beets makes it pretty unique. This place has a sort of hipster kitchen vibe that matches the somewhat lackadaisical serving speed, so it may not be the best option if you're hangry.. I had a wonderful time at Blue Fin Sushi. Our server was awesome and so friendly, and even with our large party, she managed to serve us with no problems. I don't know whose brilliant idea it was, but the server brought everyone at our table a complimentary appetizer created by the chef. The appetizer was a mix of rice, tuna & seaweed slivers all mixed together with a drizzle of truffle oil and some other seasonings. It was yummy. 

I ordered the Sushi Special Combo- 7 pcs Sushi- Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Albacore, Eel, Shrimp, White Fish with California or Spicy Tuna roll and miso soup and house salad. I opted for the Spicy Tuna roll. I never got my miso soup, but I didn't mind because the complimentary appetizer was far better. The sushi, itself, was okay. The fish tasted fresh, but I didn't really find the rice to be good. I've had better sushi elsewhere. 

For the sushi alone, I would give three stars, but the friendly service and special appetizer bumped this review up to 4 stars. Also, the rolls looked tasty.I would definitely come back to Blue Fin Sushi, just not for nigiri sushi.. I gt there steak cheese sub and I added mushrooms, this sammy was delicious except i think they were canned mushrooms not fresh, they tasted very rubbery... everything else was excellent, service was kinda slow but they were very busy. I love all the hott sauces they had, I wanted to tey them all but didnt have enough time or sandwhich. Id def. go back here again. Dim sum is a great experience. The staff passes by with their steam carts & shows you a variety of items (steamed or fried) and each order is 3-4 pieces. If it looks good try it! You might be surprised. The best thing is the prices are very reasonable. They keep your ticket at your table & mark it off as you go so you always know how much food you are buying. Staff is very friendly, though sometimes a little hard to understand - but hey its authentic! If you want something you don't see just ask & they will make sure it comes over to you. I highly recommend the fried noodles with bean sprouts & onions. Also the steamed buns filled with BBQ pork are a must! They are sweet & savory & delicious. For desert we try to get the bread filled with a coconut paste & you have to try the sesame balls! The balls are filled with red bean paste which sounds scary but is sweet and yummy, then they are rolled in white & black sesame seeds & fried to a crispy finish. The texture is amazing, fried & crispy on the outside of a gummy but soft ball & then the warm almost gooey filling in the middle. They come with 3 on a plate so if you are like me & always go with someone else you may have to fight over the extra one. I will recommend this place to anyone. My husband & I cant wait to try them for dinner one night to try their regular menu.. Wow where to begin? This place is amazing from the shop to the service. Me and two other people went in, two of us being our first tattoos. We had alot of people with us and they did not seem bothered by it which was nice of them. Place was extremely clean and they were all very nice. He did exactly what I asked for, even explained why I shouldn't get it on one part of my body cause it would tend to fade more, which was nice of him to suggest. I am definitely going there for my next tattoo! Both the chris and jason are awesome :). Amicus Apple has always looked delicious to me, and I'll tell you why - that awesome 70s bubble chair they have in their wee beer garden!

It's not even so much a beer garden as a classy outdoors area where people can have a drink, a gab and some lunch while also being at liberty to smoke if they so desire. This area sets the tone, and sits at the entrance of this rather stylish bar and restaurant just off Princes St.

Serving up soup, sandwiches, burgers and a fancier take on chicken kebab, Amicus has quite the extensive menu for a cocktail bar. You can get a variety of foods, from some nibbles to accompany your drinks to a full-on sirloin steak! Put on your Sunday best and hop down to experience their special Sunday food service, or cut to the chase and get straight to dessert - they do an awesome Rocky Road. 

The cocktails are scrummy, and if you're feeling inspired to make your own, Amicus do their own cocktails masterclasses.

Yes, Amicus attracts smarmy customers at times, and is full of people with money as Gavin says. But when I've been in (admittedly, during the day) it's not been at all bad. I'd happily take a bite out of this bar from time to time!. The service was not the most prompt and we waited for quite some time for our drinks and food. That being said we came here the night of Glendale glitters so in fairness they were packed. It may have been a fluke. The beers were fantastic and the perfect temperature and the food was very good and extremely authentic. We definitely will go back, maybe during a less busy time.. PIZZA.  The greasy kind. The hot and cheesy kind. The nothing special kind. 

This is it. 

I managed to end up here for dinner not once but TWICE on my recent Vegas vacation, and we were only there for four evenings total.

The night we arrived our flight had been delayed a couple of ours. It was 3 AM our time and we were tired, groggy, and didn't feel like making an adventure to anywhere for dinner. Secret pizza seemed like a good solution. It was actually pretty easy to find- the hallway with album covers leads you to the pizza. I had a slice of sicilian and my boyfriend had a slice of the meatball & pepperoni. Total cost for the two of us was $14 - considering most dinners in Vegas start at around $20 a person, this is a good deal! There was no line when we went. The pizza itself was nothing special. I would say it probably tops Sbarro but wouldn't go far beyond that.  The guys serving the pizza were really nice too- so thumbs up for that.

Then another night, we were all very drunk by around 9pm because we had been KILLING it at a craps table and hey...they kept bringing us drinks. We were definitely in no condition to survive a meal at a regular restaurant without knocking over a few glasses or napping at the table. So secret pizza it was. We stumbled there from the casino- luckily it was just a short escalator ride. My very drunk friend was VERY excited about the fact that they had mushroom pizza on deck. I think I got a slice of cheese but can't remember exactly....I remember just looking at all the options and pointing at the one that looked most delicious. I have no clue what my boyfriend got that night but I think he got just one slice. I paid...drunkenly, because I found the receipt the next morning. It was just over $20 for our three slices. I actually don't remember eating the pizza that night.  So I think what we can say from this experience is that the pizza wasn't spit-it-out terrible nor was it moaning-worthy good. It satisfied my need for non-liquid calories and  that's about it. 

This place gets 4 stars because it serves a need that was not previously met on other visits to Vegas. I'm pretty sure the servers at Jaleo are counting their lucky stars this place exists right next door and they don't have to serve all those drunken people. It's nice to have a place to grab a quick bite and a decent price (compared to other Vegas places). 

Long live Secret Pizza!. My husband comes here for his weekly fade.  We've gone to other barber shops in town and I can honestly say Cesar is one of the best.  He's got true talent.  You should call in advance and make an appointment as he is typically busy all day.  If you don't have an appointment you may be in for a long wait.  

The shop is clean and comfortable.  There is a soda machine and a pool table to make the time go by.  He's got pictures on the wall if you need help deciding how you want your hair to look.  Remember this is a true barber shop.  His razor fade is amazing!

Located off Sahara and Lindell in the strip mall near the huge asian restaurant.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  If you have a mustache he even trims that up nicely.  

Any of the complaints listed on here are simply because these people don't plan ahead.  Make an appointment. And yes, it's a Spanish shop but they do speak English too.  If you're lucky (like I was) you will be at the shop when his wife is making Cuban coffee.  YUM!. Theresa did an amazing job on my eyebrows! Love love love them! The pain wasn't too bad. She made sure I was comfortable and really made sure I was happy with the shape and everything. Definitely will be coming back to get my permanent eyeliner done!. Neat, clean and always well stocked. Staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest.. I think Concord Mills is great.  They are a typical Outlet Mall experience....HUGE selection of stores, a ton of parking, and a variety of restaurants in the food court.  Since this is an Outlet a lot of the clothing selection is not going to be the latest and greatest, it might be older styles but still of good quality for a great price.  They have over 200+ stores, there is literally something for everyone and that is not an exaggeration.

If you want to take a break from the shopping madness you can always hit their AMC 24 movie theater, go karts, ice-skating, mini golf, the aquarium or Dave & Busters for the arcade,  need I say more.

Actually 1 more thing, like other reviewers said on the weekend it can be a nightmare, but you need to find the right time to go, like when they first open or during the week so it can be an enjoyable experience.  Happy Shopping!!. For her 21st, a friend of mine used Ever So Sweet to provide cupcakes. The cupcakes ranged from tiny to huge and in various colours, with all looking far too good to eat. But of course we ate them all up and they were delicious. The only negative point was the icing had gone a little hard on top which makes me feel like they weren't 100% fresh. Still delicious though.. Second visit with summer menu - just as great as our first experience. I look forward to taking clients here and meeting friends at the bar after work etc.

Province will continue to be a suggestion for my Central Phoenix friends looking to try something refreshing and new.. Chocolate Heaven

Wonderful chocolate. Fabulous chocolate ganache shot.  Excellent crepes

Good for lunch.  We had the sugar crepe and the crepe Provençal. They were great

High chairs for kids.  Friendly waiters.  Great service.  Beautiful decor. I'm completely new to knitting and wanted to stop in to buy perhaps a skein of yarn.  Wow.  From walking in the door, the employees were extremely helpful and knowledgeable without being overbearing.  I asked about a million questions, and they were extremely patient with my complete lack of knowledge.  The selection was extraordinary and it made me wonder why I ever bothered with a Michael's.  They offer classes, open workshops, and other events. I walked out with quite a lot of materials and tons of new knowledge.  I am definitely returning here, and will gladly pay a little more for a more personal and enjoyable experience.. We recently stayed at this hotel for a night before our very early flight the next day.  It did the job for our one night and we would stay here again if we needed to be near the airport.  Check-in was fine.  We stood in front of a couple of desk agents for a minute or two while they typed away at their computers before either one acknowledged us but then they quickly checked us in.  The room was spacious and smartly set up for the amount of room it had.  The bed was a king and it was comfy enough except the pillows were terrible and flat.  Finally this hotel has it's own restaurant and bar which is always a plus.  We didn't know that so we had stopped at the nearby Ruby Tuesdays on our way in.. I'm surprised this place isn't more popular. It's a bit more expensive than campus-favorite Dos Reales, but it is worth it. I personally love the tacos. The meat is delicious and wonderfully spicy and the tortillas are homemade. I highly recommend the chorizo. 

Dine-in is marred by the presence of a TV set to annoying Univision shows, so consider take-out.. My bf & I are always getting take out from here I LOVE this place!! Use to always be at Benihanas but this place seriously is so much better can't even compare! Thank you!!!. It's a 5-star hotel for pets! The facility is brand new, very large, very clean and has nice, spacious kennels (with flat screen TVs for watching movies) plus "high roller suites" that are bigger than my own bedroom. The indoor/outdoor play area is very roomy and the outdoor section has turf, fire posts and a cabana! They also offer training and grooming. My dog had a great time staying there for 3 nights and was treated like royalty. It is very close to our condo, just a few minutes away, which makes it very convenient for me to drop off on my way to work. I am so pleased to have a place to trust completely with my precious pooch.. If you think this is just a breakfast and brunch spot you are sorely mistaken! We ordered dinner here around 8pm and had a wonderful experience. 

We ordered the borek starter, rocket and tomato salad, grilled fish, grilled chicken and vegetarian meze platter. Everything was absolutely delicious with very authentic flavours. They accommodated our "no chips" preference by making bigger salads. 

We ended up waiting for our mains a little longer than expected. When we inquired, our waitress informed us that the food had been ready but she sent it back to cook a new batch of fish because there had not been enough. When we paid the bill we received 20% off the mains to compensate for this. And we received free pastries filled with delicious custard! Excellent customer service and excellent food! 

We had been there earlier in the day for a Turkish coffee and orange cake which we enjoyed on their Terrance. You can't see the garden from the street but it was beautiful as we were visiting in late April. Check it out!. I love the chicken cheese steak with extra sauteed onions & green pepper. So delicious! The bread is so fresh!! I live far but its worth the drive. I recently tried the collard greens and mash potatoes both were very satisfying!! The smoothies are flavorful I always get one to go for my drive back home. I am considering trying the BBQ wings next time!. Known for their fish tacos, there were no questions what we were getting when we arrived to Coconut's. Set up cafeteria style, we ordered coconut shrimps, house salad with mango dressing and the fish tacos (mahi mahi tuna & ono as recommended by the cashier) and headed out to their patio to wait for our food.

The décor here is fun and cute, the tables are wooden surfboards and there are tiki torches and strung up tropical deck lights.

The coconut shrimps were really good, battered in shredded coconut and deep fried, served with sweet chilli sauce. The tacos lived up to their fame, the fresh salsa gave it an added plus. The fish had more of a chicken texture (and taste almost!) which was enjoyed by my girlfriend who's not a huge fish fan.

I'd definitely have to agree with the claim that Coconut Fish Café does have "the perfect fish tacos"!. The hummas is delicious! Mounds of feta cheese on the Greek salad and friendly service. Well worth the wait, I will be back to conquer the rice pudding!. Sexy waitress...definitely eye candy for the all the Man out there.
Burger was great too..will definitely be back here when I am back in Vegas next time.. This is a place I visit frequently. The lack of check ins is a reflection of my phone dying or me leaving it in the car -_- i prefers the Tivoli Village location because its prettier and less crowded - oh! and less kids :D 

There is always plenty of parking in the garage either so you can avoid the hot hot sun or the cold of winter. When you walk into the restaurant, the hostess is always there with a smile and walking you to your table immediately. 

I really like the waiters here, because you can tell they're a team and they're always looking out for each other. Whenever it does get kind of busy, and our waiter is running around, another waiter from another section will come help us or tend to our needs. They always saying they're helping each other out, which is nice to see. At the other location in Town Square, other waiters are always ignoring us unless we're their table. 

The lobster bisque is really good and not too fishy tasting. I personally like penne pasta with vodka sauce. They don't have it on the menu though - they have another type of noodle with cheese in it with the vodka sauce. I always ask for the penne vodka though, and they are always more than willing to accomodate and ask the chef for me. I always add shrimp too! Makes me feel like someone important because theyre doing something off the menu for me haha 

My boyfriend has gotten a combination of some type of steak, lambchops, and several pastas, and they are always good!!

We always OD on bread so if youre hungry, you should ask for no bread...because once its on your table, its hard to ignore it!. I've been to this place a few times since its opened. The service is great, but the wait time sometimes is kinda long. Their bean dip doesn't taste the same as the other restaurants which is a killer cause it so good. But this restaurant is good. Friendly helpful and the atmosphere is great.. THE NICEST people work here.  They have such a great vibe that you want to just hang out here.  Doesn't hurt that Einstein Bagels are pretty damned good too.

This is the norm Einstein's so I'm not going to critique the food, but this location has the bomb employees!!. Oh Z, how do I love thee.  Let me count the ways.

1. LOVE your margaritas.  Seriously.  I'm not a fan of tequila and/or margaritas generally speaking, but I love Z's margaritas.  Especially the Chambord and Prickly Pear.   Be warned though - they're VERY dangerous.

2. SALSA!  I love it!  They also have an appetizer with a variety of 3 salsas, but honestly, their original is the best.  The chips are good too - light and crispy.

3. EVERYTHING on the menu.  Not kidding.  I haven't had anything I didn't like at Z.  My faves include: catfish tacos, Jerk Chicken salad, Diablo Pasta, Wild Mushroom enchiladas, Mac & Cheese w/o bacon, the trout, seriously, the list could go on and on.

My mouth is watering.  I think you get the point.  Go to Z.  ASAP.. Today was my first trip to Essence. I've had their famous macaroons at Old Town Farmer's Market, and while I think calling them macaroons is misleading to a gal who's used to a sticky stack of coconut, they are like crack.

There was a line out the door.  Luckily, a few of the patrons waiting in line mentioned they were waiting solely to pick up also famous croissants that were well publicized last weekend.  So after a few false starts (I walked in and asked if I had to wait in line to order, and was told yes) another employee handing out something that looked like donut-holes (I didn't get one) told me I could go to the second register and place my order for breakfast. So after 15 or so confusing minutes, we had our order placed very quickly and were seated - all eight of us - in their pretty small space.

Our food took quite awhile to come out, but it was hot, and servers were very pleasant (and nice to our kids).  Although I had had no expectations, I was quite happy with my single latte.  Breakfast sandwiches were good quality, good ingredients, Dubliner, peppered bacon, Tim's ham, but not inspiring. Two people in our party ordered the french toast and a few gave them rave reviews.  Another didn't care for the banana peanut syrup.  (I agreed that I'd rather try it on chicken.)  My vegan, allergic to lots of stuff niece, loved hot her breakfast cereal with organic soy milk, pecans and fresh fruit.  Mom had the eggs and sausage, and gave it a solid thumbs up.  

They use great ingredients here, and it shows.  I wouldn't say there was anything mind blowing that we had on the breakfast menu.  We didn't experience anything for breakfast that measures up to the crack-like, cult status of the macaroon and croissant, but I'll definitely be back.  I think for lunch next time.

Also, you  might avoid this place for the next week or so until the croissant hype dies off a bit.  We told two different parties that were about to leave, that they didn't have to stand in line for breakfast.  We also couldn't order croissants since we were sitting and eating, and not standing in line. That was a bummer.. The first time I walked into this magical little shop I was in love! I wandered around bought my candy went home to chew my gum! My TEABERRY! gum! After thinking about how to do the T berry shuffle, I googled it and listen to Herb Alpert and the Tijuana brass play it! This had always been my favorite gum I just hadn't seen it anywhere since the early 60's. I was back the next day you're welcome to the neighborhood with the gift of a vintage book! Now she has killer sandwiches to go along with their very good soup! Tracy makes everything herself, although not the thrifty ice cream, and she is a great cook! I recommend her prickly pear pulled pork sandwich or an endless bowl of beef stew! Followed by any kind of soda fountain dessert you can think of! This is my second home!. The poke as an "appetizer" is very filling.  You can actually have this as your meal for only $9.95.  As for the lunch special deals for about $10 is also very filling.  It's really "Big Island" style portions where you can share one meal with two people.  My boyfriend and I tasted the chicken katsu loco moco and the short ribs.  These two choices are superb.  

I'd definitely would come back to this place when I head back to Las Vegas again.  This is the spot to go to if you're missing the island flavors and you want to eat someplace away from the strip.. The service at this restaurant is amazing. Our friend Boris was very friendly and made light jokes throughout dinner. 

Appetizer calamari. The squid was decadently tender and just melted in your mouth. I regret to say that it was a bit on the salty side but we weren't unhappy enough to send it back, but Boris gave us another pelligrino on the house for it. The siracha mayo has this lemon tang to it. Super delicious. I just don't understand why they gave you a whole bowl of the sauce. You really don't even use 1/30th of it. Lol.

Shared the prime rib special with my brother, and it was really good. First of all, this dish was meant to be shared so it was massive. I can't remember how many ounces it was but we had trouble finishing it. It had a breaded crust that packed on some great flavor and there were so many sauces to use if you aren't too fond of the cilantro thyme herb (Boris listed all the ingredients, but I just remember a lot of greens) butter that it comes with. Everyone else's steaks were cooked to perfection as we'll. be warned! That tomahawk rib eye is huge, and you should consider sharing it if you plan on getting sides like we did. 

Lobster mashed potatoes were not so great because it was served like a purée, which is definitely not what I'd look for in mashed potatoes. The black truffle Mac and cheese is soooo good. I'd get an order to share! The mushrooms were also a nice side and I would order again if I ever came back. 

Would I come back? Yeah if I won money gambling. Haha! It was definitely not light on the pocket. Overall, I want to give this place 3.5 since the food stood out but there were some issues with the food as mentioned above, but for Boris I'll round up!. This is the cutest (& I say "cutest" in the most adult way possible) place ever. It reminds me of a lot of places I miss back in Indy, a sweet little house that's been converted to a restaurant. It's artsy & homey. 
The music is awesome, the lighting is perfect and the food is easy. 
It's a really calm, relaxing place to eat and talk and not feel rushed.. The best burger joint EVER. Wow I was so impressed! My boyfriend and I stumbled across this restaurant after our flight and we were starving. I wish I lived in Scottsdale or could ship it up to Seattle. 

 Has it been awhile since you had amazing service? Well it has been a long time for me. My streak ended here. This was hands down the best customer service I had ever recieved. We were greeted at the bar with a big smile and recomendations. We were served our drinks promptly and Bar tender was amazing. Our drinks were fantastic! Our Bar tender was very informative with her menu! She was nice and attentive and the same with the patrons around us. Thank you so much!

I had the Know Poblano Burger with a Lettuce wrap. The spicy grilled onions were delicious. I ate the whole burger it was so good. I'm so happy they have the lettuce wrap option. I'm a low carb type of gal and they made it so easy!

Drinks were also happy hour priced! Lucky us! Our lunch was somewhere around $30 for 2 meals and 4 Drinks! We left a hefty tip since we were so pleased!

You can't beat the taste, atmoshephere, service or price. If you want a great burger and a great experience, Come here!. Dr. Conway is the most thorough competent chiropractor I have ever been treated by in this valley. He has reversed damages that were present on both my neck, upper and lower spine. He has also been able to attend to other joints when they were giving me trouble. His techniques surpass those of any other doctors I've been seen by in the past. After being attended to by Dr. Conway, I would never seek services from any other chiropractic clinic or doctor. He's very professional as is his staff. They are friendly and always there to support the clients needs. Be sure and take advantage of the other services offered in the office, as well. The massages are great and bring a great relief to areas needed. I love that there is no appointment needed for adjustments and that it's so affordable. It's also good to know that there were other services available if I needed them, as well as products that I already buy elsewhere (but at Dr. Conway's) for a more affordable price.  You must check them out if you need good Chiropractic care. You won't be sorry!. Fun neighborhood bar, with a new backroom filled with fun games such as skeeball!. First time here....  Let's start with the positive 

I started with the oysters and my girlfriend started with the shrimp!!! Both were perfect  shrimp was perfect and very big! We split a filet which was Cooked PERFECT  we also got the crab legs which were perfect!!!!! Best crab legs I have EVER HAD! I like that they come easy to eat 

Only negatives were that they didn't have a big cocktail menu  and that me and my friend didn't get very good service our drinks were empty and we had to wait forever to get out drinks im big on service!!

Other then that amazing I will come again. Mmmmm....Los Favs....Their breakfast burritos are always on point and so is their Carne Asada which are my personal favorite in the state so far compared to (Fillbertso) Filly bs,and rubias in tempe on mill and southern? i think that's the name of the other spot. Favs always get it right though for the most part. Lately they have been overcooking the french fries but it is still amazing regardless.  Their burritos seem pretty small to me compared to taqueira me casita or whatever on warner and dobson but their california burrito is my quick i don't really know what i want so i'm gonna choose this option. Like i said, i usually get the carne asada fries or the breakfast burrito because you can never go wrong with either selection.
       I seriously have been thinking about it all night and i am always more than excited to go every time. I am a typical foodie so excuse the excitement as i text as i am preparing for my day of work and stop for my breakfast burrito along the way ;) I once ordered rolled chicken tacos and it was extremely bland and just meh. I wanted to throw it away after i ate one out of three. But my friend made me pack it up. So not only did i end up wasting my food but i wasted a container. i cannot force down food just because that is definitely not my style to say the least.
       Living in Arizona you will find hit or miss places, i have heard a lot of people say this is just as disgusting as Filly B's but i beg to differ. Filly b's is just beyond nasty and my stomach always hurts after eating their overly salty carne asada fries. gross. okay back to Favs. I don't necessarily care for the fact that they charge you extra for sour cream,cheese, etc etc etc in your burrito. I am spoiled from the mexican spot down the street on warner and dobson because they load your burrito in front of your face with two scoops of rice, beans, and 2-4 scoops of meat depending on what meat and if u ask for half and half. and let you add in sour cream cheese and whatever else for free. the burrito looks as though its the size of some buff guys bicep. HONESTLY. Favs burritos are half the size of a regular sized girls forearm for 4 dollars compared to 6. their prices on breakfast burritos and carne asada fries are always in my budget though.


Los Favs Here I Come!!! :D. The food. Was. AWESOME. 

I've been a vegetarian for a year, my boyfriend for over two years. After shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter H&M with my meat-eating best friend, we were absolutely famished. Because the food in that area is way too expensive for my pockets, my best friend recommended Fresh Mint to us. Because it was lunch time, we were able to get the lunch "to go" menu, which saved us a few bucks each. 

We all shared the Autumn roll, which was delicious but definitely not enough food for how much it cost.

My best friend got the Mongolian Soy Beef - it was fabulous! I absolutely hate most soy beefs and, while the taste wasn't perfect, the texture sure was! 

My boyfriend got the tofu curry - I am not a curry fan, so I didn't try it, but he loved it.

I got the kung pow soy chicken and dang, I was surprised. There was a perfect amount of food - not way too much; just enough. The consistency of the chicken was almost perfect (strings and all!), and the sauce was delicious. There were tons of veggies and the salad that came with it was awesome and light and fresh.

The owners are so sweet and friendly. I truly enjoyed eating there.

Oh, and one more thing - the BEST Arnold Palmer I've ever had! Fresh lemonade and fresh iced tea - deeelicious!. I dined at Joel Robuchon 3-4 times within 2014 - 2015 because it was just that good... I would plan my trips to Vegas around my Joel Robuchon (and Guy Savoy) reservation times. Call me crazy, but this restaurant is literally worth planning all my important life events around.

Anyways, there is such a huge selection of food on the menu, which constantly changes. Every time I dine at JR, I was able to try different dishes. On my first visit, I opted for the "Degustation Menu," which was basically a huge comprehensive Chef tasting menu. Everything was intricate and delicious. I especially appreciated the crab jelly topped with a thick layer of Ossetra caviar. On my next visits, I chose the 5-course menu, customized to serve any 5 dishes of my choosing (again, hugeeeeeee selection on the ever-changing menu). Another of my favorites was the black truffle langoustine ravioli topped with foie gras reduction (this is orgasm on a plate in the culinary world).

While every single course entertained my palate, the highlight of my meal in all my visits were the beginning and the happy ending - BREAD CART AND DESSERT CART (yes, caps are necessary). There were probably 20+ different types of breads choose from, and of course I chose to try 'em all. All pieces were fresh, warm, and oh so delicate.... best carbs I've ever put in my mouth. And the desserts? Another 50+ pastries, candies, cakes, cookies, macarons, etc to choose from. Again, I insisted on having them all and it was the best decision I've ever made in my life!!!! SO PERFECT.

In short, it is safe to say that Joel Robuchon is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the world and I would come back over and over again.... The donuts were interesting in selection and pretty tasty. Nothing fantastic, but a good snack. It was better than anything we got at Carlos Bakery. I would try something else.. We had the pleasure of dining at the amber before the tattoo. We booked the Amber package which included a 3 course per show dinner before the tattoo. For the starter, there was a smoked salmon pinwheel, beef carpaccio, haggis Bon Bon and goat cheese Wellington. All very good. In fact, I was quite surprised how much I enjoyed the haggis Bon Bon. The main was beef filet with mushroom sauce, purple carrots and potato cake. I was not as impressed with the main. The beef and potatoes seemed to be dried out by a heat lamp. The dessert was a whisky chocolate pot and cream cake served with a dram of 12 years old Deanston whisky. The whisky pot was delectable while the cream cake was unmemorable. Dinner was finished with local goat cheese on oat cake, coffee and Scottish fudge. Overall the meal was good. I am sure it could have been sensational if it were not served banquet style.. The Thai Tea here is bomb! So sweet & creamy. More creamy looking than the deep orange color. The young  female waitress here is hella cute too. :). Brew Tea Bar is 'da bomb.com!!! I'm so addicted to this place! I love their taro slush with boba and lychee jelly....yummmmm and gotta have it at least twice a week :-). Their customer service is top notch. Everyone is so friendly and so happy to help/serve you the minute you walk through the door.. Priority Pools goes above and beyond when it comes to customer service. Ron is always there to answer a question or get someone over to help us. Great company that takes great care of our pool.  Highly recommended.. I can honestly say I will be back. I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time tho, I am from out of town, I travel for work and always stay at the hotel across the street I finally tried lolos and let me tell you, it was fantastic made me think of home. My waitress a young lady, kyla, was fantastic very patient  gave me the time in the world and didn't get mad when it took me a long time to look over the huge menu, didn't kick me out the door even tho I know I was there past close she didn't act like they we're closed at all still visit my table joking around very nice and very sweet she even offered me another wine. The place was very busy and I could see her running around yet still managing to check on her tables even if it was a quick stop by with a smile, very professional. Now to the food it was fantastic I had the soul food platter and it was amazing I was so stuffed by the end of my meal. The catfish was cooked just right as the chicken was very juicy and not dry what so ever. I was pleauntly surprised when the cornbread was actually sweet cornbread with pieces of corn in it! I could eat the cornbread for days.  The portions we're very hefty and you get bang for your buck. I was very tempted to come back this morning if I didn't fly out then found out you we're also in the airport! Lastly at the end of the meal I ended up crying because I felt like I was back home and felt very welcomed and will be returning and asking for kyla and maybe try something new,tho I think I'm addicted to the soul food platter, but thank you for giving me a slice of home.. This place is fun and has all sorts of goodies.  And candy that I have not seen in a LONG time.  The only thing that I did not like was this rude freaking snobby kids.  Hate freaking rude pre-teen little shxts.  The staff was awesome.. What a great place for brunch, not to mention filling!

I've only been there once, but had to try it because I kept getting so many recommendations. I had the chicken salad sandwich, not to saucy or creamy, and fresh. It had chopped chicken and salad on a ciabatta roll. it had a great flavor. I also switched out the fries for the house potatoes, which were also very good!

My boyfriend decided to go with breakfast and had the Huevos Rancheros, he loved it and said he would definitely get it again. He's a picky eater so if he says something like that I trust that the food is good. 

I also ordered one of their specialty milk shakes with coffee in it. What an amazing drink!!! 

I would definitely go back over and over again! And I'll wait with no problem because that usually means that the food is worth it.... A friend brought me a strawberry and cream croissant at work today, it was perfectly sweet and buttery. The croissant was light and flakey and the strawberry & cream cheese was the perfect balance of sweet cream! Look forward to trying out different flavored croissants!. We are at Day 16 and are loving the design and features Bill and Richard have helped us with! Everything about this process has exceeded our expectations!  Thanks you guys!. One of the girls in my group had stayed in the hotel room most of the day. She'd been sick during the days leading up to the fight weekend. When she finally woke up, she called up my friend and asked her to get some tacos. I told her I'd been to T&T the last time I was in Vegas, and their food was pretty good. She ordered the carne asada tacos for the roomie to go while I got the beef quesadilla. We figured we ought to start off the night early. So while waiting, we sat at the bar and had a few margaritas. Hers was the pomegranate acai and mine was mango ginger. Both were really good. Once our orders were up, we transferred our drinks to plastic cups and were on our way up to the room. I straight grubbed on the quesadilla and had the remainder of it later after coming back from LAX. This is another reason why I wouldn't mind staying at Luxor the next time I come over to Sin City.. My husband and I decided that we wanted to have a date night in the middle one of the longest weeks we had at work together and P.J. Clarke's was the choice.

I made a reservation for 5:00 but when we got there, the hostess was not able to locate it. Grrr... Luckily it wasn't busy that we were seated at the oyster bar right away. But I was still bothered that I made reservations and it didn't show up anywhere, if it had been busy, the night would've turned out soooo differently.

We sat down at the oyster bar and the gentlemen behind the bar were dressed up in old style uniforms complete with the paperboy hats. The classy era that I heart so much! The interior looked that of an old New York or Chicago bar and restaurant. Tons of b&w photos plastered on the walls, even in the restrooms! Looks wise I was so excited to be here, could not wait to try the food!

They shuck the oysters fresh right in front of you. We ordered two dozen, being Happy Hour, they were only $1 each! :D They had (I forgot what they call them) oysters from British Columbia, they were UBER salty, more than I'm used to but satisfied the craving nonetheless. 

The hubs and I shared a bone-in ribeye with creamed spinach. The way the steak was seasoned and the clarified butter, oOoOoOoOo man it just melted in your mouth! I'm usually not a fan of seasoned steak, other than salt, pepper and MAYBE garlic powder, but whatever seasonings they used combined with the right amount of it, it made us want to come back for more!

Yep, I'm a fan ;). You want a nice casino, great tables, and a Vegas feel? Go here! Really fun, they have a club on Friday and Saturday nights, a 24 hour restaurant, Sat and Sun pool party w a great DJ...u wont be disappointed. Overall: Great Indian food at a reasonable price.

My boyfriend and I had a hankering for Indian food the last time we were in Vegas and with all the good reviews on Yelp we decided to try the Indian Mint Bistro.

When we placed our order the server was playing with his iPhone while taking our drink orders. I thought this was a bit rude but he explained that they have an app to place orders. Pretty cool. We started off with a salty mango lassi which was delicious.

For our main course we ordered the Indian Sampler ($30.99) that featured garlic naan, veg pakodas, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mixed veg curry, lentils, yogurt, rice, and a milky rice pudding (khir). We liked the idea of having a little taste of everything and boy did we! The food was outstanding, but the servings were kind of small. I was satisfied, but my boyfriend could have eaten more. They did bring out more rice when they saw we were getting low.  

Tip: They also serve Halal meats and they will call a cab for you when your meal is over.. I have been a few times, but haven't gotten around to writing my review. Can we say SHRIMP & GRITS? One of their most popular dishes is the red velvet waffles and chicken-also equally good. Each time I have went, there was a wait unless you opt to sit at the bar. You will have to see them prepare all the food through the window to the kitchen, which for me takes the fun out of it, but it definitely doesn't take away from the taste. Get there early to avoid a line but GO!. Great place,  clean,  clean and accommodating! Friendly staff.  I have shopped around for my area this beats them all, I will return!. The "Ronnie" salad from their cafe is sooo good! (And it's huge!!) Will definitely come back for more. The smoothie was also super good.. After reading the reviews on YELP! I decided to try this little place out. I'm new to LV and always looking for places to replace my home town loves. 
I am 100% happy I chose this bakery. It was clean, the guy at the counter, Brian, was super friendly and the prices were terrific! It is a little out if my way from where I live and work but it is totally worth it. I will be a customer for life! :)  

P.S. Thank you for listening to my story about the Bakersfield, CA bakeries and for the super duper delicious blueberry donut you gave me!. I love that place! Casual yet romantic yet cozy. The outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance.
Our service was great and the food was awesome
Bonus, they have gluten free dough yay!!
I have been there twice and will go back!. Authentic Mexican food...I had a lengua taco with Chile Relleno... so yummy!. The best happy hour for food $1 street taco (carnitas is amazing!) and drinks for sure! The environment is great and I've never gone and not been greeted by all the friendly staff especially Chef Paco! This is such great Mexican food and all GMO free which is so great! Their table side guacamole makes a fun extra. I've tried several dishes and none have disappointed big plus is that it's open late too. Def have to try!. My husband is the craft beer lover of the two of us, however, we both loved this place. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Drinks were great, good was yummy (and very unique), the atmosphere was very modern-seemed like the place to be if you frequent the area.. We LOVE this pizza!! I cannot believe it took us this long to find it when we have lived here so long! Love love love. They bake the ingredients into the cheese. The crust is thin and crunchy and if you are a wing sauce person, do yourself a favor and order a side of it to go along with the pizza! Delicious!. We thoroughly enjoyed. It was fun! The food was mediocre else I would have given 5 stars. I'll go back again for sure. Loved the actors!

Update 21 feb 2013. Apparently they moved to Marriott to improve their food. That's great!. What a great treat to have in Vegas! Our family really enjoyed ourselves here. They have lots of variety in their exhibits and from the looks of their schedule it appears that there is always something different going on. Most of the downstairs was closed off the day we visited because they were changing some exhibits around, but we still managed to spend nearly two hours here so it would have been even longer if the other section was opened up. This place will now be on our itinerary for every Vegas trip - well at least the ones where we take the kids! :). I actually found Sydney through the many positive reviews that I found on Yelp. After having 2 sessions with Sydney I would have to say I agree with all of the wonderful compliments that I had previously read. I was skeptical of hypnosis at first and Sydney helped me to become very comfortable. She was understanding of my fears, and offered a mini hypnosis prior to the big Past Life Regression that she performed on me in session 2. Sydney traveled to my home, or offered to meet me anywhere I would like that would make me feel most comfortable. She is very passionate about what she does, she has a calming energy, is very respectful, non-judgmental and goes above and beyond to help you to achieve the healing that you are seeking. I got a lot out of my past life regression and am very happy with her entire healing process. I would highly recommend Sydney to anyone who is looking to find inner peace, learn more about themselves, and are open and willing to branch out past traditional modern day medicine!. The place looks really nice and is very clean. I like how they have a variety of add-ons for pedicures/manicures. The pedi's were all great, the mani was just ok. I've brought out-of-town visitors here and they've always loved it.. I love the kim chee mussel poke it's spicyness is perfect and it's only 7.99 a pound what a great deal for something so onolocious. Tasty pizza. No thrills. Just pizza! I wanted to call ahead a whole pie order but was unable to get thru. That kinda sucked. A Yelper was complaining about the price of a pie being $40.00, not sure how many toppings she ordered, but when I asked how much a pie is the cute girl said it starts with a cheese pizza at $18.50 and each additional topping is $2.50 (PLEASE DON'T QUOTE THOSE EXACT numbers). The price is typical for a pizza shop, not Pizza Hut, not Little Casears, this isn't generic pizza.. I love a Mexican food place with no pretenses and a $3 set of taquitos. I was starved before my nail appointment at Polished next door, so I stopped in for a quick bite. I ordered the taquitos with the guacamole topping them, and let me tell you, that guacamole might have had some crack cocaine in it because it was so good. It wasn't like traditional guacamoles--a touch more spice and I might even venture to call it an avocado dip vs. a guacamole. But I still liked it. 

I also liked their little drink machine. I had some kind of Hawaiian Punch magical red drink that I adored, despite its sugar and red-40 contents. I don't know if I would return based on its distance from where I live, but it is 24 hours and has a easy breezy simple vibe that is great for food emergencies such as this.. I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for Gigi's to start offering a gluten free cupcake. And they finally do! Yay!

I have had gluten free cupcakes before from other bakeries, and they have been okay. Some can be pretty dry or way too dense. Let me tell you, Gigi's has perfected the recipe. I had a Salted Caramel Chocolate cupcake that was out of this world. I even fed it to my boyfriend and he said it's the first thing he's tasted that he couldn't tell was gluten free. So that tells you something. 

The chocolate cake was the perfect consistency, and to my happy surprise was filled with caramel in the center. Yum. The caramel frosting was divine, and it had just the right amount of salt in it. I have to say it was so rich that I had to eat it in two halves, but I can also say that I wasn't disappointed to have another half a cupcake to eat the next day. A+!. From the riverfront path (good for walking, jogging, biking, strollers, etc.) to the close proximity to both Heinz Field and PNC Park to the water steps for kids, this beautiful park is a gem of downtown Pittsburgh!. Great pupusas! The bean and cheese (with lots of curtido) are my favorite. I also love their chicken sopes/gorditas. I usually get take-out because the restaurant itself isn't great. They should replace their dusty, fake plants with real ones and turn down the music. Until then, I'll just call in my order. :). My girlfriend and I have both been going here since August 2009. We get physical therapy, trigger point massage, and our adjustments. We see Dr. Bryson. 

What I love:
Its clean, theres a big TV to watch while you do your therapy, and all the massage girls are super nice. Theres hardly any waiting usually. We can make our appointment within an hour of needing to be there and they have space for us. You get a free massage when you refer a friend too. Kristi is my favourite massage therapist. She is amazing. AMAZING. I get horrible migraines and she gives this awesome scalp massage that makes the migraine go away. Bonnie is also great too. 
We can ask Dr. Bryson about pain issues we're having out of the normal, like my girlfriends knee hurting, or my sinuses being sore, and she will work on those too. Everyone is so friendly!

What I don't like: Lots of clients bring their kids, and the kids just kind of run around, and everyone seems ok with it. This drives me insane, especially when I'm trying to do my stretches and the kids are playing on the machines.. Best burgers, truffle fries, and garlic chili wings!!! We LOVE going! Staff is excellent and kids eat free on Tuesdays. Whenever my parents come to visit they make sure to eat here. Just try it and I promise you will become a regular as well. Again....try the wings and fries...can't envision anyone being disappointed. They are the new standard we measure all wings and fries against now.. Ordered online on the app I guess I ordered at the wrong one and they gladly refunded my BF for the other store and charged for this one. 
Riley was super nice to my BF and apologized because we ordered a roast beef   Sand which and they were out of roast beef ( how do you run out? That's my only reason for four stars instead of 5) 
Good staff. 
Delicious Bobbie as always. 
Good job. 
I recommend this place for sure. Great park that offers a little bit of everything for everyone.  Can walk, jog, skate, play volleyball or basketball. Kids can feed ducks or run in grass.. North Beach style Italian cuisine. We came here to celebrate my S.O.'s sister-in-law's birthday. We sampled almost everything on the menu. The New Yorker pizza was perfect as was the salami and cheese appetizer plate with honey. The homemade sausage is really good too and had the right. When each of our individuals meals arrived they was enough to feed two people each. Our servers were really good to us and they served my friend a slice of Dago Mud Pie and helped sing happy birthday. We could not have asked for better food or experience. Thanks Little Tony.  We'll be back!!. Today was the first time I went to the original breakfast house and I'll admit I was impressed. At first I thought it would be another failure like all the other businesses that have tried to make it before but I am proved wrong. The atmosphere is amazing compared to what it was years ago. I didn't get to speak to the owner but the server told me all about how it opened and what his goals were for the place. The food is amazing but be prepared to wait for your food because they do get extremely busy for breakfast. I had the chicken fried steak on special and my son had the rib eye steak which both looked amazing and the orange juice is actually squeezed right there! The service was amazing I was greeted by the hostess Natalie and she had such high energy it just made me smile since I dont see that very much these days and my server Desiree was great. Her area was full and she still took care of us and placed a to go order for me and a shake for my son. All together the restaurant is bright and clean the food is great and the staff is amazing. I will definitely come back here. "The #4.. ( turkey tom ) very simple turkey and cucumber and mayo.. need to try #12 ( beach club ) now that's a sandwich.". Well, after moving here 5 years ago, I've finally found perfection!  I was shopping at Dillards and noticed the clerks nails.  I asked her where she goes to get such nice looking nails.  She replied "Michael @ Kelly T's".  I just had Michael do my nails and let me tell you....I couldn't be more pleased.  Furthermore, the salon is absolutely spotless.  Decor is top notch and everyone was so welcoming.  Michael is by far, a master at his craft.  Highly recommend!!. Best meal we ever had! No kidding. The bone-in rib eye was cooked to perfection with amazing flavor. The 2lb lobster was out of this world and the oysters were incredibly fresh and tasty. My husband and I couldn't stop talking about the meal days later.. Great place, unfortunately the last two times I have tried to go they were closed (during the business hours listed). You may want to call ahead before you make the drive. Stacey is the best waxer I've ever had, being from Miami, I should know a good bikini wax when I see one.  I came to her after a rather traumatic experience with a Brazilian wax here in Vegas.  Stacey was competent, caring, and effective.  She waxes super quick so I don't have to spend a lot of time in agony.  She doesn't go over and over the same place.  She does a great job the first time.  Thank god for Stacey!. This store is the best Fry's around by far. The staff is phenomenal. The store is always so clean. The bathroom are clean and smell great. They always have what you want in stock. They have a full baby section with cribs and all. Great store, great selection, great place all around. BTW I DO NOT work there either.. I love Two Hippies, can I say it enough? I really do, and I swear I'm not just biased. I went to the burger joint and knew that I had to be level headed. I loved the taco shop, the breakfast joint, and the organic pizza.. mm mm mm... so I knew that I had to keep myself from liking this place simply for the name..
But oh... oh oh oh... so good. I'm not a big burger fan, but I got the bacon cheese burger... so good. yum yum. So, like I said, not a big burger fan, so I was thinkin.. maybe I will just give this place a four just based on the fact that I simply love Two Hippies and maybe people would think I was lying. But then I tasted their hot dog. Oh. My. the bacon.. who else didn't know that bacon could come in anything other than strips, all wavey-like? And it was HUGE! Oh, and we can't forget the brown bag of frys. So good. I think they gave us an extra bag by mistake- I'm not sure though, we inhaled them too quickly to notice! Ding Ding, another winner for Two Hippies!. Easy to find, centrally located within GVR.  Drop bar is better than the average "center casino" bar.   Decent couch set-up for groups that are not always "RESERVED" (reserved for who exactly??), good lighting and ambiance.

Mixed quality on service.  First waitress was fun and engaging (we had a group of 9)....the waitress who relieved her though literally acted like every drink order was an irritation.   Maybe we don't count if we aren't poppin bottles?  I ended up walking to the bar and ordering the remainder of my drinks from the very fun and friendly guy there...

The crowd that night was good, we had no trouble striking up convo and jokes with our neighbors and guys at the bar.  But that is often the case at GVR...a little less pretense than strip casinos in my experience.

But the highlight were the 80's and 90's videos that were playing...across a wiiiiiiiide variety of genre's.  i did get some crazy looks from the rest of the crew when I broke out into the Safety Dance....oh well, it's my movie...ACTION!

net net:  Drop Bar might actually pass as a destination, not just a pit stop.. Love this little store. They have so many cute things here. Shirts, pajamas, hats, sports coke bottles, change bottles, ornaments and lots of other stuff. Store isn't really big. Located on the strip. It's by the NyNy hotel, MGM and the M&M store.. Brittany has been doing my hair for a little over a year now, I've been growing out my hair and trying to maintain an ombré, she's great and getting the right contrast between colors and keeping it looking nice in its awkward growing out stage!. If you love sushi, this place is heaven! I am so glad I came across Hokaido because it is now my go-to sushi joint. I love the sushi chefs!!! They are AMAZING, I haven't even ordered off the menu the last couple times I have been there, I just let them make a one of a kind specialty roll and I have never been disappointed! 

The sushi here is always good! The service is also very good. If you wanna impress someone take them here, the presentation of the sushi is phenomenal!!. Loved it. Waited outside in the cold for a good 30-45 minutes, but it was worth it. Got the eggs bene with steak (they call it Steak & Eggs). Hubby got the bene with chorizo- both were awesome and portioned large. Potatoes were amazing (tried to get the recipe, but even the waiter couldn't get it out of the chef!).  Music's jumping, so if you do go early, be prepared for a club-like setting. Sangria- great! Service- great (our waiter was wearing a kilt- punk rock style!). 

Worth it, worth it, worth it.. After visiting a Home Goods in IL, I knew I had to visit the one close to my home. This Home Goods is large and filled with many goodies. They have tons of dishes, cookware, and both kitchen supplies and décor. As an avid rooster collector, they had numerous roster items that I wanted to take home to fill my kitchen pot shelves with. I had to restrain myself, as I was on a mission to look at their furniture. (But first I had to wander through the garden section and other home décor.) The furniture section is on the small side, compared to the other departments. Unfortunately I didn't find what I had initially came for, but I did purchase some candles and tea. It was still a win-win situation. I'd definitely come back in a few months and see what new stock they've got.. I could not be happier with Ms. Shari!  She has helped me through so much since I moved here to Phoenix.  When I was pregnant she was there for me, and she has been watching my 19 month old since she was 5 weeks old!  My child is loved, safe and learns so much!. I'm trying to figure out where some of the reviews come from. I honestly can say my room on the 21st floor was lovely. It's perfect for a weekend getaway or for a work trip.  The hotel is nicely located and the front desk could tell you where to go. Honestly I do love Pittsburgh and I do look forward to laying over here for work.. If you have an oral fixation that manifests itself in the form of a diet coke addiction, it is worth going to this location for the beverage dispensers alone. I was very impressed by what they got goin on.. I stopped in for an impromptu yogurt treat before an event.  I walked into a bright, clean and open area that is centrally located on the strip right next to Bobby's Burger Palace.  I didn't want anything huge or filling.  

Being this was my first time to a Pinkberry, I stuck with a small original without any toppings.  The yogurt was light, sweet and with a tart flavor!  It was delightful! It wasn't heavy or too rich which sat perfectly well with me.  The small cup was actually bigger than many other chains so I think you get a good value here.  

The staff was awesome.  They were very friendly and helpful.  I think this location will be a hot spot when the summer hot months hit here in Las Vegas.  Thanks for a great treat and great service that is welcomed any time of year!. Breakfast was great.  Samantha was awesome. Only ate eggs and chorizo but would have loved to try the carbs.  Pancakes and muffins looked amazing.. I loved the Vdara. What I love most about this hotel is that it's a smoke free facility! There's nothing I hate more than the smell of cigarettes so thank you for protecting my pink lungs. It's definitely a sweet treat and a break from all the smoke I smell everywhere else.
I forget the name of the suite that I stayed in but it was spacious and I was provided with nice views, kind of. Hmm, the front desk was attentive and they delivered per request. Aria and other hotels are conveniently just some hundred steps away if you want/need to fulfill your gambling needs. 
I know that the rooms are equipped with full kitchens and they will deliver you cooking utensils if needed so for those that want to stay in or cook ethnic foods that can't be found on the strip, you got lucky! It's so nice that they are willing to accommodate to that.
The beds were super comfortable and I wish I could seriously live in one of the suites. Robes & slippers will be provided so make sure to take advantage of little luxuries and make yourself comfortable!

I'd def love to stay here again.. First of all- delicious!  The waitress was very helpful and recommended the chicken sandwich. Two of my friends had it and said it was delicious!  The personal pizzas where pretty big (although the cheese was a bit greasy). My husband had the pizza and I ordered the appetizer called the "CROSTINI DELLA TRADIZIONE- (Toasted crispy bread topped with melted mozzarella, Italian prosciutto butter and sage - very good) " and it was enough for the two of us.. Tempe Beach Park is at Tempe Town Lake and has a splash playground, hiking & biking paths, you can rent bikes, boats, or paddle board and float in the water or you can attend one of the many festivals and concerts they host here.

There is free parking on the south and north sides of Tempe Town Lake, lots of free parking under the loop 202 at Mill Ave, but there is also closer paid parking all around too. It's also close to the light rail too. 

We came to visit the splash pad, it's a acer splash pad free to all,  it has waterfalls, slides, water dump bucket, water cannons, flower showers and other random water spaying things, the water is constantly moving , puddles no deeper than maybe 2 inches, perfect for kids of all ages. Believe it or not the water dump bucket seemed to be the hottest spot when I went, lots of kids just waiting for the water to drop on them. They even have life guards on deck, watching everyone and making sure no RUNNING is happening, it's hard to tell the little ones not to run.

My 5 yr old grandson had a blast, and the 2yr old grandson is getting used to it. Did I mention it's free? This is one of our favorite spots to cool the kids off and let them run it out. 

There is plenty to do down at Tempe Beach Park for all ages.. Dr. Hoban is amazing! There is no better pediatric dentist in town. She's kind and patient with my children, and the kids love her. Staff is professional and courteous every time I call.. It's like a salad bar of Mediterranean food. I got a bowl with rice and several different kinds of veggies, hummus, and lots of free little extras like olives. The owner was very friendly and it was super fast. My bowl came with a pita and it was super filling, meat-free, and spicy just like I like it! I resisted the baklava but I gave in to lavender iced tea. For the price it's a steal and there were two young guys playing nice soft live music. I am a huge fan and can't wait to go back!!!. Awesome sales Rep Maria... Very knowledgeable in the products.. she helped me out beyond expectations. ...She offered many promotions that the store on Maryland parkway across from best buy didnt...Not only did I save but I walked out a very satisfied customer..will be doin all my future transaction s only at Bocas Park Verizon!!! Thank you Maria. ..you are the BEST!!!. Loved...loved...loved the food! It was decently priced and get a lot of chicken. I got the food pretty fast and the service was nice. Highly recommend.. I have been eating at Manuel's for, well let's just say a LONG time! I used to go to the one on Broadway until it closed. When I lived out of state I ALWAYS stopped at Manuel's on visits! 

As the New Times has announced, they have the best salsa! I know there are various tastes out there and everyone is entitled to their opinion, but mine is that I like their salsa best, the margaritas, the cheese crisp, the fajitas, wait- it gets better... in N CAL, MI and IL I couldn't find a green corn tamale to save my life, so I learned how to make them and I will say I make them well! But, they are a lot of work and so I am happy to be back in the Valley of the Sun to get them at Manuel's! I prefer their chicken chimis to any place I have been because they actually season it nicely, not just chicken in a deep fried tortilla! The guac is great! Not made with a ton of jalapenos or strange ingredients! The flan is the best I have had! The sopapillas are little now, I kind of like the bigger squares, but they still taste good!

Now, let me tell you about the service! They have some of the greatest staff- Luis, Marcos, Jerry, Carlos, these guys are the BEST!!!!

Well, I will say that the Indian School location has some problems, the flan is curdly and there were a couple other differences, including service. I don't know why this is, but I just go to the one on Southern that I know will be great!

All in all this is the only place I like to go for Mexican food. I have tried a great many here and in other states and I always go back to my favorite, Manuel's! Maybe I'll see you there sometime!. Great place to receive your mail. The staff are cheery, efficient & helpful.   The hours are good with options available  to access mail after hours too.  Really pleased with this place.. My husband and I were recommended to Central Coffee when we first moved to Charlotte and for the past two years, it has been an essential in our lives! The staff is always friendly, the drinks are always delicious and the baked goods will certainly leave you satisfied.. We had the chicken Alfredo, ravioli, cheese & pepperoni pizza and the mozzarella cheese appetizer. Each meal came with a salad and bread sticks. The portions are generous. Everything we had was delicious. The mozzarella sticks were big and yummy!! Entertainment for tonight was a nice man singing good old fashion music. Service was good, however, I never got the wine list I requested.. We stayed at this hotel for two separate two night stays.  We were on the 65th floor overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  I highly recommend this hotel.

The decor and furnishing are modern and the amenities and casino are great!  

We visited both the Boulevard and Bamboo pools and they are both super nice!. I been a fan of Thai BBQ but only this location Flamingo/Jones. I love their Beef Sate, Beef Panang Curry, and Chicken BBQ. Their portion is pretty reasonable. 

The Beef Sate here is good, it's tender and juicy. Their beef has a lot of flavor and marinated well.. I love it here! 1) The place is sooo beautiful! You can tell there was a lot of love, sweat and care put into the design of the space, just look up. There's no other environment like it in Charlotte. 2) The service staff is great. I was greeted pleasantly by the hostess up front as I walked in the door. My server was friendly and on point all night. Justin was amazing and funny! The bar service was also fast (which means a lot to me, haha) and we didn't wait long for food. I really enjoyed the chickpea salad and black bean hummus. 3) I love that there's a late night menu, so that I don't have to resort to going to a bar or a diner if I want to eat a meal at midnight. I can't wait for them to open for lunch! 
Seriously, you need to go into 5Church or you will miss out on something great. I am so excited for Charlotte to have a beautiful and refreshing restaurant as such. As one of the few, an actual Charlotte native, it make me proud to see such a great establishment right in the heart of my city. 5Church is here to stay people, the second you walk in the door you will see.. Pupusa heaven. Whenever I go to Montreal, I usually try to eat here. Super cheap food, yet so delicious. My favourite is the cheese pupusas and always the homemade slaw in the jar. You can't go wrong with this place and how little you pay for a filled up belly. Highly recommend.. Yummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless, when I received my food it was streaming hot. Let's just say for me it was worth the wait.. Decent BBQ
Given the limited sit down choices to eat at Excalibur, this place is a nice option on the main casino floor. My husband and both ordered BBQ plates and tried all 4 meats on the menu, which were all good. Service was responsive and fun :). This is one of my favorite airports. It's warm and fuzzy with it's rocking chairs. It's big... but not a zoo. Easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights!. Love the new place in the hood.   Great customer service.   The "Scottsdale slim Jim's rock the world here.     You cannot go wrong here come early and stay long. If have ever lived in or visited Jamaica...you probably dream about the food. Well apparently dreams come true! As soon as you walk in the smell of spices hits you. Bob Marley is lightly signing don't worry be happy in the background. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is literally mouth watering! My only complaint is that I wish I got more meat with my oxtail! Although the meal (with rice, beans, and cabbage) was a healthy portion....I wanted to savor more of that delicious ox tail! My boyfriend got the curry goat, which was also amazing. We will definitely be back!. Good solid menu for a bar ghost chilli wing good heat meaty wings bbq wings were good solid burger choices like the western  Cuban sandwich solid like the homemade chips decent beer selection  reasonable kids menu friendly quality service not a regular but enjoyed it the handful of times we been there. Denistry at the Biltmore is amazing! The staff has great hospitality and the doctor is very thorough. I especially liked how timely the office was, at most offices you're waiting and waiting for your appointment to actually start! I would definitely refer someone here.. Sometimes its good to have a lot of choices. But when you're starving and you just want something...not so good because everything sounded good! I don't understand the menu's being huge and plastered high up on walls. I know, I know, take a few giant steps back maybe you'll see it better. Hell, step outside and look...oh yea, nevermind I forgot my glasses. LoL! I think that was my only issue about the place.

OKay, so I got a 8" sub with a large fountain drink - 8 bucks. Not bad. I don't remember what it was called, I think it was the #12. It had avocado, provelone and turkey slices. I love that they pile on a lot of shredded lettuce on it. I asked for sprouts, but she heard sauce. And it got slapped with mayo. Whatever, I was hungry and it still tasted good, except with all that sauce the insides kept slidding out the back everytime I took a bite.

The place was nice, seating is limited. They do have some outside tables. The music is a little too loud. The cashier was patient as we hemmed and hawed and helpful when we asked questions. Once we ordered, the sandwhichs were put together very quickly and the name of your sandwhich yelled out for you at the other end. All 4 of us enjoyed our sandwhichs. 1 coworker got a pickle to eat later. When she opened it later that day, it was sliced in 4, and she gave me one. OMG! I know what I'm getting next time.. Came here for dinner before heading back to the Bay Area. I'd never been before but after having some good Thai in SF, we decided to find a spot nearby. Yupha's is tucked back in a strip mall and is very warmly decorated. The service was good and there was quite a good crowd coming and leaving while we were there. We had the golden crisp puffs to start which I am a huge fan of, and we both had red curry - chicken and beef. I had the beef thai hot and for someone who likes spice, it wasn't too hot but it did have a kick and was very flavorful. It was my guest's first time having Thai and he described it as "excellent". I would definitely recommend and return if I am back in the area.. The steaks were outstanding especially the 40oz porterhouse but it's enourmous so be sure to share it with several people.  The sides were amazing, loved the creamed spinach and wild mushrooms.   The smores desert was out of this world.. I have used Sparks Locksmith for over 10 years and have recommended them to clients and friends.    I have always had great feedback and everyone has been happy with their professionalism, the reasonable cost and the quality of their work!. This place is fantastic! I am indecisive and they always help me figure out what kind of tea I want, as they have many different types. My favorite is the angels kiss, which is one of their more popular teas. They also have tables to sit at and the place has a very relaxing vibe and is usually quiet with calming music playing. I feel guilty buying tea anywhere else now!. Brunch is busy like crazy but fantastic. Egg sandwich is tasty but small. So go for a crossant while you're there. Plain, chocolate and almond were all fantastic. And I usually don't even like almond. The macaroons are fantastic as well. Go with a group of people, order a ton. And try a little bit of everything!. mmmmmmmmmmmmmm good , but they need to get MOSCATO!!!!! WTF. This place is awesome... Lauren is awesome.. All the hairstylists are awesome and take their time. The deep conditioning treatment is the best. Chelsea is Awesome as well. Love this place and Tanner the receptionist is the sweetest. Also I have gotten facials here before and the Hydra facial from Marta has made my skin super supple and soft. :). My first and every time here is always amazing. Just being inside is so relaxing. I was never a huge fan of Starbucks for some reason but this place to me is way better. Made me fall in love with coffee all over again. This little hole in the wall place is so freaking good.  They are great on my wallet. They are very friendly and one of the nest street taco style places.  Love it and will be back.. Allgemein
Im Pomodoro ist in den mind. 40 Jahren seines Bestehens, außer den öfter wechselnden Bilder, nichts verändert worden. Für die einen ist es Kult und für andere ein in die Jahre gekommenes Restaurant. Dem Erfolg tut das keinen Abbruch, denn ohne Reservierung ist hier nur schwer ein Platz zu bekommen.

Bedienung
Da wir seit Jahren hin und wieder dort sind und deshalb auch bekannt sind, ist die Begrüßung immer herzlich. Wir wurden schnell und zuvorkommend bedient und nicht nur wir, auch an den Nachbartischen ist unserer Beobachtung nach zügig serviert worden.
 
Das Essen
Das Essen war wieder ausgezeichnet. Wir hatten Vitello tonnato, hauchdünn geschnittener ganz zarter Kalbsbraten, noch leicht rosa mit einer ausgezeichneten Thunfischsoße, die nicht das gesamte Fleisch maskierte, sondern in der Mitte des Tellers platziert war. Spaghetti mit frischen Venusmuscheln, sehr leckere Soße mit ebenfalls frischen Tomaten. Kalbsbäckchen mit Polenta und frischem Gemüse, das Fleisch butterzart mit einem dunklen Jus von ausgezeichnetem Geschmack. Saltimbocca alla Romana mit ebenfalls frischem Gemüse, auch von bester Güte. Man merkt hier, dass sich viel Mühe gegeben wird, um gute Qualität auf den Tisch zu bringen und das schon seit vielen Jahren immer auf hohem Niveau.
 
Das Ambiente
Es gibt gemütlichere Restaurants, aber das ist nun mal das Pomodore, so wie es schon immer war.
Sauberkeit
Es war alles in Ordnung und gepflegt.. Snoh is the perfect place to escape the heat and try something new! The flavors and texture of their shaved ice is unlike anything I've had before and there is no better place for it in AZ!   I love the taro root and original flavors, but I don't think you can go wrong with any of them. I was iffy on the black sesame sauce the first time I tried it, but I am now converted into a fan.  Condensed milk and caramel are delicious as well. Staff is always very nice and there are comfy chairs and even games to play if you want to hang out for awhile.. My family and I spent New Year's Eve at DB Brasserie. It was nice to sit in a semi-private room. They decorated the restaurant with black, white, and gold balloons. I liked how you could order from the special prix-fixe menu and/or the regular menu. The chef gave us a traditional scone like bread roll that was semi hollow and consisted of cayenne pepper, black pepper, and covered in Gruyere cheese. It was delicious and had a kick. The servers brought out a basket with two types of bread - olive bread and baguette as well as Vermont butter. For drinks, I'd recommend non-alcoholic Ginger Beer garnished with a lime and a bottle of Ladera Sauvignon Blanc. 

For appetizers, I'd recommend the Tuna Tartare, Escargots Spatzle, and Heirloom Beets. The Tuna Tartare consisted of a tower with the bottom layer of tuna, the next layer consisted of avocado, mango, puffed rice, and topped with cucumber. Below the tower was Harissa sesame sauce. The tuna was fresh and the dish was delicious! The Escargot Spatzle consisted of burgundy snail fricassee, chicken 'oysters', mushrooms, roasted garlic, parsley, and hazelnut. It was sweet, savory, and garlicky! The Heirloom Beets consisted of roasted red and candy cane beets, citrus-herbed goat cheese, black quinoa, and pistachio sherry vinaigrette. It was a colorful dish and great combination of ingredients. 

For entrees, I'd recommend Sautéed Dover Sole A La Polonaise, Seared Sea Scallops, Roasted Half Chicken, and Seafood Linguine. The Sautéed Dover Sole consisted of filets of dover sole, crouton, mimosa, caper, and oscetra caviar. The Seared Sea Scallops consisted of three tender, jumbo scallops, celery root, hen of the woods mushrooms, and apple-pine nut gremolata. The Roasted Half Chicken consisted of a herb roasted half chicken and roasted garlic, broiled Brussels sprouts with pancetta and pearl onion, and marsala chicken jus on the side. The chicken skin was crispy and meat was tender and flavorful. The Seafood Linguini consisted of lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, bottarga, and arugula. I liked how it was lemon infused throughout the dish.

For desserts, I'd recommend the Champagne and Caviar, Grand Mariner Soufflé, and Freshly Baked Madeleines. The 
Champagne and Caviar consisted of white chocolate cremeux, rose granite, champagne gelee, raspberry and blackberry caviar. I like how the fruit flavored caviar popped in our mouths. The Grand Mariner Soufflé was filled with orange and lemon zest and vanilla anglaise. The Freshly Baked Madeleines were warm, miniature lemon cakes with a crispy exterior. They were served in a metal basket similar to the one that carried bread.. So excited they finally have a good Viet restaurant in town. I ordered the Pho Thai so did the boyfriend, we also shared the crispy egg rolls which were amazing. My son had the chicken fried rice. All was amazing. I would say however they give you rather small pre-squeezed helpings of Hoisen and Sirracha. I like to add a ton of both to my soup and made due with what I was given. Other wise it was very clean, the staff was great, the soup and egg rolls were amazing and I would highly recommend the chicken fried rice for the little ones. My kiddo devoured it.
Give them your business so they stick around. Fun atmosphere, nice bar, great food, great location, clean bathrooms and cold stone next door if youre craving a sweet treat after.. I have been coming here for the past three years and I have been happy with service every time. Takes about 3 minutes and you are good to go. They also give you your confirmation papers for the DMV.. We got there in the knick of time on a Tuesday night. The location could use a major facelift, but it's friendly, prompt and has the nice student working the counter. And it's ice cream. 31 Flavors and all.. A friend of ours invited us over so he could cook for us.  We wanted to bring something to show our appreciation so we decided to pick up a cute dessert. It was about 7pm when we stopped by and I was rather impressed by their selection. They offer a dozen cupcakes for $24 and they package it in a nice box with transparent top so you can peek at the cuteness. We ordered a baker's dozen and had the guy behind the counter choose for us. We got red velvet, double chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, salted caramel, lemon drop, plain vanilla, chocolate mint, and caramel toffee among others. 

Once dinner was over the cupcakes were brought out and because there were 14 people, more than was planned for, we broke out the knives and cut the cupcakes in fourths so everyone could share a bit of everything. By the end of the night the cupcakes were all inhaled and everyone was happy. It was a great choice. 

Madison Sweets has some cool popcorn choices and huge popcorn tins, as well. They also have fancy truffles, cute valentines day chocolates with messages written on top, coconut clusters, and fudge.. I had the Sweet Potato and Black Bean burger. One of my favourite veggie burgers so far, but I find it quite expensive for its size, and I didn't even take a drink. I give this place 4 stars for its quality, but be warned that eating here will cost you a pretty penny.. Love Ru's the only place I go for sushi! Great food, service, and prices. Always clean and fresh. Been going there for over 10 years and it still is my #1 go to for great sushi! Everyone I have introduced to the place to is now a huge Ru's fan!! Highly recommend!. Went with friends while at Wild Horse Pass Casino. The food was tasty and inexpensive I had the Honey Walnut Chicken and miso soup and you get good size helping. I only ate a little over half. Everyone in our party enjoyed what they ordered. So if you want Chinese food that's good and not expensive this is a good place to stop.. it's a dose of mexican comfort food and hospitality.

i'm definitely not a mexican food connoisseur, but i definitely know fresh, tasty, and homemade food -- and this is where it's at!

conveniently located around the biltmore area, the restaurant is a pop of color on 24th street. you can't miss it!

for dinner, we didn't need reservations on a wednesday, and were greeted with warm, professional, and attentive service. the menu offers many traditional mexican plates of food (like the delish mole poblano i had), so don't be expecting any nachos, quesadillas, enchillada buffet (though i secretly wished they had some).  everything from the BYOB (with no corkage or additional charges), to the personal service, and the free-flow pour of aqua frescas (watermelon for me, yum!), was just so home-style and comfortable. 

the food was no different - the guacamole, the tortillas, the mole sauce, and even dirty rice -- all tasted like it came from mama's kitchen.  there was enough depth of flavor for all dishes to be interesting, and enough simplicity to make it casual and easy to eat! (use your hands!) portions were just right, and coming from san francisco, all that food for under $50 was a steal!

definitely a go-to for the next biz trip to phx... gracias senorita!. 1st off, I've never felt so welcome or more like a regular in my 33 years of going out to eat. This is amazing because it was our very 1st time here!! We were greeted immediately by the Co-owner, he told us about all of the most popular items, The Snapshot,  Pops chicken salad (my final choice) and the Caprese hot sandwich. He was very knowledgeable with the menu items. He is obviously a dad, he was so patient and great with my 4 year old daughter. She can't wait to go back. The food was great, but the potato salad was the best I've had in a long time. Can't wait to try breakfast there!!

If you are looking for a great/quick/fresh meal with an "Aim to Please" type of service, this is definitely the place. Nice job!!. My boys and I stopped here for dinner one night. It was cold and dreary outside but warm and homey in here.  Our server was extremely nice. The menu had lots of options. They are kind of known for their potato soup so that's what I had. It is very good. It's a very thick soup that is velvety smooth. I would definitely order it again. It was perfect for a rainy night. 
My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go.. Delish food @ Nove & great views. It was very kind of Nove to offer us some complimentary bruschetta which was actually my favorite part of the meal. My flatbread pizza and Chardonnay were enjoyable, and my friends all enjoyed their steaks. A nice stop at the Palms.. LOVE the food there!  I especially loved the ramen.  Very good flavor.  Salami selection great too!  Meat carving station is huge!  If you like lamb chops, they have it!  Orange juice is fresh squeezed, and you can tell it was freshly squeezed within the hour!

Pricey, it was $32 (with Players card) on opening week.  Now (3 weeks later), it's $43 per person!. This place never disappoints. The food is amazing, the prices are great and the service is always wonderful. The food is fresh and there are so many awesome options to choose from. I almost always have Kevin as a server and I leave happy every time. He is amazing! I'll be back to see him for sure.. I have been here at least 25 times. I am always happy with the food and the service. Olivier is so nice and he always greets you and tells you all the specials. I love going to a small privately owned anything. i like to support small businesses. Please do not miss this hidden gem. I could eat the Chipoltle Chicken sandwich every day.. Wowza! Bought a certificate via localdines.com for lunch. This place is incredible! The flavors are delicious. Good service. We will be back for sure! Loved the coupon offering and had absolutely no problems using it. We never would of known of this place without local dines.
Thanks for the exceptional value!. i love this movie theater! they have leather reclining seats so you can get comfortable while watching a movie. the only thing about this place is that the seating are reserved so you really have to mind what showtimes you will get.. The staff here was so nice! After being turned down at 2 other nail places for 4 walk in pedicures, LV nails were happy to accommodate us right away even though the salon was fairly busy and they were about to close for the night.  It was such excellent customer service that we will definitely be back again!. Amazing customer service, fast with food, and great hospitality. Would come back anytime. Awesome feel and decor of this place. Tapas were good- beautiful presentation, and service was spot on. The snapper ceviche could have had a little more, thus the 4 star review, but in all a solid place. Will give it another try for sure- and bring your wallet. It is not for the people looking for happy hour or the value menu.. came here for dim sum this past weekend and I was impressed. they have all the usual dim sum favorites and some that I've never seen at dim sum before (e.g. soup dumplings). came with a group of 12 people and our bill came out to $86 without tip. we each paid only $10 and we were all full. I am definitely coming back and bringing friends!. This place is a landmark in Mesa. I think Mesa Fro Yo has been here longer than I have been alive. It isn't super fancy, and there isn't a ton of variety like some places; but there flavors are so yummy and unique. The prices are reasonable and you definitely get your monies worth here! Another great thing is that they have other things besides yogurt; so if you are looking for a little snack or something they have things like soft pretzels, rootbeer floats, and smoothies.. Excellent show!   Justin "Michael Jackson" was good.  He had all the moVes down.  Very nice voice.   He blew Human Nature out of the water. Would highly recommend this show.. I was born and raised here in the valley and have had the opportunity to see many shows and this by far is one of the most AMAZING shows I have seen on the strip. 

First .. This theatre is wonderful in that there are truly no bad seats in the house. You hear this sentiment all the time but in this case its 100% true. 

Second... There are always really good deals for this show. Between vegas.com, half price tickets or even Mandalay Bay themselves there are always deals here and there which a great deal always makes me happy so.. Score one for discount pricing.

Third and Final tip... The way they interpreted and executed some scenes from the movie to the stage were just wonderful. The masks, the costumes, for the adult were just abstract enough to really look artistic and spot on for children to still enjoy the show.. I was mesmerized... I was on a quest to find a new hair salon and commit to a hair dresser since moving all the way from Tampa Florida. I have very long hair and was worried that I would be butchered. I decided to go the safe route and ask for a long layered signature cut. Upon walking in I was greeted with a smile and hoped they didn't turn me away since I didn't have an appointment. Chris came over and thankfully had a cancellation, so he was able to fit me in. Chris gave me long layers and I was very happy. Todd came by and suggested more layers (since I had a previous butchered cut) to blend in the old choppy layers. I'm just amazed at how much lighter my hair felt. Chris was also able to blow dry my thick Puerto Rican hair. I walked out feeling fabulous....I have found my Salon. Thank you gentlemen.....xoxo. Excellent.  My favorite chinese buffet.  Everything is fresh and good.  The sushi is the best I've had at a chinese buffet with tuna rolls, etc.  The crablegs are included with dinner (maybe only on weekends, not certain) but they are great.. I get pedicures and gel manicures. All of the staff does a great job. Great selection of gel colors.. First time Buddhas and our bellies are definitely happy! 

I ordered the Pho Dip with the Furikaki chips... all I can say is YUM. The Pho Au Jus is delicious, without it the sandwich would not be the same. The Furikaki chips are thin and crunchy, super delicious. My fiance ordered the Chicken Katsu Cobb Salad and she loves it. She wasn't even hungry and she's chowing down!

Downside? It is pretty pricey. We will be back, but not often due to pricing.. I've had a lot of Indian food in my life, and this is definitely my favorite place to go for it. I probably eat here 1-2 times per month, and I have yet to be disappointed. My go-to is the Saag, but I usually eat off of my friends' plates as well and it's all been delicious. The customer service here is unparalleled, and I always feel like my business is appreciated. Often it is the owner serving us. The only downside I'd have to say is that the food is so yummy I usually accidentally over-eat to an uncomfortable level... But I guess that's my own fault!. It would be remiss of me not to commend Jim Bristol, Sales Manager of the Firesky Resort and Spa. Jim has helped me to find properties for other meetings that I have. That is the least of it. Jim is an example of what a dedicated, client focused sales representative should be. Thank you Jim for all you have done and continue to do for Driving Results.. I seem to have good luck when traveling in and out of this airport.  Security lines are usually never very long and they move quickly! Before leaving on your flight, there are plenty of slot machines to keep you entertained.  I will say that I have won on several occasions! What a great way to start a vacation! 

From coffee to burritos to Burger King, there is something to munch on while you are waiting.  They even have the local Ethel M Chocolate store to browse and pick up a gift! 

Whether you are coming or going, the passenger flow seems to move efficiently.  The directional signs are frequent and make it easy to navigate your way.  Yep, it's one of my favorites!. My 10 month old son really enjoys himself here. We've visited 4 times now and have had a blast every time. Everything feels clean and well maintained. They have a "yucky" basket for anything that ends up in someone's mouth, two bathrooms and plenty of seating (tables and couches). Nobody takes a second look when you get down on all 4's and play just as hard as the kids do. Haha. Or, if you're trying to relax with a cup of coffee and get that last bit of work done before a major deadline... They have outlets and wifi to help you! The owner and everyone who helps out is informative and kind. The first two times we went we didn't know about the happy hour pricing (Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday 12-3pm $8 --normally $12) OR that our son was (infants and pre-walkers) supposed to be free. But we were happy to pay the admission to support a small business. If you forget your socks, they do have some you can purchase for $2. And something awesome about this place that I've notice nowhere else in town offers is... Re-entry is free for the entire day! So if you have to grab lunch, run errands or the little dude just isn't ready for that second nap, you're welcome to come back and play some more! This place gets 5 stars for being a pleasure to visit.. Still the best hotel in Vegas in my book, has the classic Vegas feel, and beautiful inside and out. Can't go to Vegas without watching the water show in front! The lobby's colorful glass ceiling is one of my favorites, along with the garden. I'd say the only con is it's a bit of a walk to the strip from the front of the hotel.. The hubs and I were there for dinner last night and it was amazing! The service was impeccable, the were very attentive to us, even thought there were some large parties seated near us. The servers were not wandering aimlessly throughout the restaurant, they were on a mission to please the customers and make sure that they felt as though they were the only guest in the house! Jose, our waiter was excellent, his other server-bus was literally running throughout the tables cleaning up, serving chips, and checking on tables...Our food came out in a timely manner and was excellent! The homemade flour tortillas are outstanding and the manager inquired as to how our meal was @the end of dinner and was genuine about it! It is close to nellis afb which was perfect! We may have to go back for cinco de mayo!. This is one of my two favorite sushi places in Las Vegas. I have lived here since 2006 and I have been going here from the very beginning. They have all you can eat like every other place (they say they will charge you if you don't finish, but I have never had this happen).

This is not a place to go if you are not into a laid back environment as it is more of a family/friends place. The servers are great and leave you to your meal but the space is so small it is extremely easy to flag them down when you need something. 

My only complaint and I always tell the manager is that they used to make their cucumber salad with shredded cucumbers but they have since changed to chopping them. It just doesn't taste the same, everything else however I love. I will continue to go here until I move from NV or they close their doors.. YUMMY!  Can't wait to go back.  I just had the chicken gyro today because I wasn't very hungry but it was DELISH! I can't wait to try other items on the menu.. This is the best Indian Food in Vegas, beautiful decor. Full bar. There is definitely a master spicer behind the kichen door. WOW!. I love sip.  Best local coffee hands down.  Travis, the owner, is extremely friendly, Alex is awesome though I am sad he is not at the Sdale location anymore,(miss you!) and Austin makes the best drinks and is really nice to look at;).  Also the drinks are on point and the music is good, which is crucial!  Right now it's Sunday and we are listening to old school underground hip hop!;) you can't beat that!!!!  The decor is amazing...  I love all the repurposed pieces and have stolen some ideas for my place already.  Fuck starfucks, walk across the street!!!!. First time here and I will probably be a frequent customer based on my first experience. I ordered the Siam Yam salad with calamari. Beautiful artful presentation and nicely balanced flavors with just the right amount of heat (significant, but not overpowering). Portion size was generous. The owner was lovely and friendly.. I had my surgery done on August 14th and I was amazed with how quickly I recovered. After only a few hours post-op, I was able to see road signs and my clock from my bed, which were things I could never do before. The next morning, I went in and the eye exam revealed that I had gone from 20/600 (-5 in both eyes, one which had astigmatism) to 20/20!   

Initially, they gave us a 10% discount, but I had received an email about procedures being 20% off over the summer, so I asked them for an adjustment. The amount for the entire procedure ended up being around $3,500. A friend of mine flew to Korea for her procedure and paid $1,400 for her flight and another $1,800 for her IFS LASIK procedure, but if I were to do it all over again, I would choose to go back to the LASIK Vision Institute in a heartbeat. 

My husband was really pushing me toward PRK, but I chose LASIK because I did not have the recovery time (they said it would be 2-3 weeks vs a few days) and still, if I were to do it all over again, I would choose LASIK. I had minimal discomfort and dryness and I opted not to pay for the permanent punctal plugs. I used the prescribed eye drops, which cost me $80 at Walmart, quite liberally. I will say that they cause a strange metallic aftertaste that is appalling, so be forewarned.  

I was concerned with the blurring in one eye that kept coming and going, but I have read that it is normal. I also had some ruptured blood vessels from surgery, which are now gone. Surprisingly, I've had minimal dryness compared to what I was expecting. You know, like having dry eyes while wearing contacts. Even the Acuvue Oasys brand contacts would cause great discomfort. An optometrist basically told me I shouldn't wear contacts at all because my blood vessels were growing toward my corneas, so glasses were the only option for me. I'm in my early 30's and I don't know why I didn't have LASIK sooner. Also, the halos they warned about don't seem any different from what I experienced with glasses. 

I'm thrilled. My husband says that there is a glow about me and honestly, I feel liberated. No more smudged glasses or crooked glasses, worrying about getting them knocked off of my face, or fumbling for them upon waking up.

My only gripe with this facility is that they scheduled a bunch of us for "surgery" at 9AM. The receptionists seemed to spend more time in the back of the office than the front. I waited until 2PM. The procedure itself lasted only 15 minutes. As we sat, nervously waiting in a dark room in our ridiculous garb (a hair net and some shoe covers), we were reassured that all we needed to do was stare at a light during the procedure. Dr, Kownacki performed the procedure and again, repeated that all I needed to do was stare at the light. The procedure itself is indescribable and there was slight pressure due to the suction and speculum. He must have done a fantastic job because during my post op, the person who examined my eyes said he could barely tell that the procedure had been performed. 

I know there are a lot of horror stories out there. I read a ton of reviews before deciding to go through with the procedure. The consent forms I signed at the office also caused my stomach to churn. However, nothing in life is without risk. Do your research, ask questions, and negotiate the price of your procedure. I wish you the best of luck in your decision-making process!. This event was so beautiful! After countless drive bus, and perhaps In n Out pit stops I finally got to go into Robbins Brothers. 

I usually avoid jewelry stores that specialize in engagement rings, because well.... I'm not engaged. But this really opened my eyes to things I liked! I attended this event and worked with Kim, she was amazing. They get to know you and all your likes and dislikes. They even ask about your lifestyle and while all the rings are there, which is overwhelming, they narrow down the choices and you find that perfect one.

I also like that you can really customize every ring in the store. Short on cash for that big rock? No problem. You can put a different stone in the diamonds place, and come back later and upgrade it!

The sweets station was my favorite. The chocolate fountain was top notch. I also won a swag bag after guessing a close number in a contest with a bowl full of fake diamonds. 

If I ever get engaged, the boy can come here!. I keep running into these TKD students at every local tournament, and they always dominate. The school Master is amazing, and really knows how to motivate his kids. I highly recommend this school.. Great costumer service. I traded in some old phones and up graded. It was easy and fast! They have very fair prices and trade in value.. Friendly, fast service. My appointment was scheduled quickly & they came out on time. 

The issue ended up being human error :), so they did not do any repairs, but charged a consultation fee which is waived if repairs are done.. Full menu all the time everything is 9.99 or under !!

This is a true cafe had all the cafe classics and a full bakery. They make some amazing sweets and even have it to go! !  

So your self a favor and check this place out! !!. First time visiting this spot today with my family and I couldn't say enough good things about it. The food was AMAZING, price was good for portion size and the service was also great,  thanks to our server Nichole. Only bad thing today was there was also a car show in their parking lot so that made parking a hassle, but I wouldn't ding them for that next time ill just check for current events first. We had about a 30 min wait but it was totally worth it. We will definitely be back soon!. LOVE this place, it's great. Had the vegan pizza and it was delicious. I like trying new places, particularly those in sad little strip malls that I fear are going to go tits up in this economy.  When I went to Waffles Cafe I thought I would be doing them some kind of charity - nay!  There were so many people at the cafe that it was standing room only for awhile.  That's okay because the walls are so brightly painted that you can't help but feel happy and okay with waiting around for your waffle.  The place is so tiny and overcrowded which is one reason they didn't get 5 stars, but the reason for the popularity is because of the great grub!  My first thought was that they didn't have enough food on the menu with protein because I was in the mood for a good egg dish (duh!  then why did I go to a place descriptively named 'waffles'?!), but then I got a load of the Waffle Sandwich.  This baby is, again, descriptively named.  Instead of bread, they make this sandwich with waffles that are sweet and syrupy, but with savory fillings.  I had ham and bacon with avocado and tomato inside of my sweet waffle bread.  It was nothing if not freakin' delicious!  Messy, but delicious.  Next time, and there will be a next time, I will try the tuna waffle sandwich.  It does sound disgusting, but I am strangely attracted...  stay tuned.  My only complaints were the very uncomfortable and cheap seats and tables and the lack of space, but otherwise a lovely breakfast.. The frozen hot chocolate is the best! A definite way to cool down from the hot Vegas weather!. Love this place! Burgers are great and you get a ridiculous amount of food with your combo meal! Plus you can't beat the selection of old fashioned sodas they have! A little hole in the wall but the place is very clean and the staff is always friendly. Burgers are to die for!! Definitely give it a shot!. Tobias is the best!!!!!!! He doesn't mess around and he has the talent and experience to create the look you want or give you the haircut you have been too scared to get!  He is a master stylist!!!! No one else will touch my straight hair!. Great atmosphere, delicious food, and signature drinks. I had the teriyaki salmon with rice and a cherry blossom cocktail. I was satisfied with everything and will definitely be going back.. Loved our stay! The room was great! The beds were incredible with huge comfortable pillows, just what is needed after a long night out in Vegas!! Pool was clean with great music and friendly staff. Even though there was no casino on property it was a quick walk through the mall (which I loved) over to Planet Hollywood.  Along the way there are multiple food options as well. Also, the Starbucks inside the hotel is open 24 hours for your caffeine fix at anytime. This has become my new place to stay in Vegas! The walls are thick enough I don't hear anything above or next door, the modern comfortable rooms, and convenience to strip and other casinos.. Ida's your gal. This is your place. The sparkly Christmas garland overhead is a charming touch that you'll hardly notice once the massage begins. 

Expect more than just a foot massage. Depending on the length of time you buy, you can go here for a full body massage that begins with your feet being soaked in small wooden tub of hot water while the therapist massages your head, face, neck, and shoulders. That's followed by intense pressure to all areas of on the sole of your feet--reflexology. 

The difference between this and the other foot spas is that it has a pleasant environment with privacy screens between chair sets, and plenty of couple chairs.

Buy 1 hour, at least. Be quiet when you walk in. Show up anytime before 10PM and they will take you.. My husband and I decided to splurge for our 5 year anniversary and try the molecular gastronomy cuisine that this place has to offer. We made our reservations about a month in advance thru email, printed, signed and scanned our confirmation, and received our golden tickets in the mail. 

We arrived at the host stand at Jaleo and were seated at the bar, while we waited for the rest of the party to arrive, and made drink selections. We opted to get one cocktail pairing and one mocktail pairing. 

We were escorted into the back room, which is decorated rather "whimsically" in a room lined with library card catalogue drawers and a little doll in a cage. It was a little weird, but not off-putting.

The chefs introduced themselves and began creating our first cocktail with some liquid nitrogen. From then on each of the many courses were assembled in front of us and then served "fine dining" style so we could all eat at the same time and comment on what we enjoyed about the dish. This was a lot of fun, and really, everything was so good. Some of the standouts for me (and I don't have the menu in front of me, I'll just put it in lamest terms) were the blue cheese filled appetizer, the chicken dish, and the pork dish. I surprisingly also liked the chocolate shavings with the olive oil - which is a combo I would never think would work, but did! Anyway, I won't go into detail with every dish, because I'm sure the menu changes all the time, so you don't know what to except, but it is so worth it. 

The cocktail pairing was not exclusively wine, as usual with most restaurants, but actually included a few cocktails, some wine, a beer and a coffee drink. The mocktail included drinks similar to the cocktail pairing, albeit alcohol, and some things like tomato water, watermelon fresca, and sangria. I thought the mocktail pairing was really fun, and I was glad my husband and I ordered both so we could try all of it. 

The service was impeccable. My only complaint was that I didn't get to see as much "molecular gastronomy" as I had hoped, since most of the items were already prepared ahead of time, then just assembled in front of you. Still, worth the experience and the $$$$ you will spend. Left the restaurant feeling satisfied and buzzed. Good times!. I found Pure Salon when I became allergic to traditional hair color products- and have never looked back!  I rely on both Jacquie and Debra to provide the absolute best in both service and quality- and they also provide a nurturing , peaceful environment that is soothing and relaxing- not like some salons with blaring music and kids running around. This truly is a zen-like experience with the upside of walking out with beautiful, healthy hair- 

Their pricing in right in line with all other services you would find elsewhere in the North Scottsdale market- so if you dont have to pay more to have a better, healtihier, and more beautiful experience, why wouldnt you try it?

Lisa O. Went here last night to grab drinks with a friend and had a blast.  The place was pretty empty in the downstairs bar so the bartender was at our service.  I didn't catch his name, but he has a shaved head and makes the best drinks!  The gin gimlet was perfect, not too strong or too sweet.  The dirty Stoli martini was even better....oh how I love a good martini!  Then he took the reigns with our drinks after that.  My friend had a chocolate martini and then something that tasted like a raspberry creamsicle.  Both were sweet but delicious!  And I had a blueberry lemondrop and an appletini.  Don't judge me on the appletini!  I just wanted a green drink!  They were all good and we were in reverse happy hour so we got the tenderloin skewers and bacon wrapped scallops for $5 a plate.  They were huge bites for only $5 a piece and I loved the sauces that came with it.  I'm coming back for sure, but only if the bartender is there!  I love the drinks!  Put anything in a martini glass and I'm there!. The night was filled with waffles, yogurt, photo booths, swag, eating contests, ugly sweaters and smiles. Seriously thank you Hailey for putting on this amazing event and Yo Waffle for accommodating all of us Yelpers!

It was great seeing everyone in the holiday spirit and even the wait in line was fun. We all checked out each others sweaters, stuck stickers on each other and taste tested the whole line of yogurts. By the time we made it to the front, I struggled to limit my toppings so I wouldn't explode. Everything looked so good from the crushed butterfingers to the gooey caramel sauce.

The waffles tasted amazing and the company was even better. We loved the photo booth and the photographers were so sweet! Seeing all the contests was a good laugh and overall a great night. Thanks again for such a great event and can't wait to see everyone again!. I've been waiting to try the scallion pancakes (one of my favorite Northern Chinese food growing up) for a couple of weeks, and I finally got some today.  The scallion pancakes were delish (very crispy)!!  I ate them while they were hot and was glad that I got two orders, not just one.  I wish I had a glass of hot soybean milk with them though.  I've had the signature dumplings and they were very juicy and flavorful.  The dumpling skin is thin, which I like.

I am still yet to try the other stuff on the menu, especially the tea eggs - I've never had them before.  It appears that Hao Bao serves a mix of Cantonese and Northern Chinese cuisines, which is way cool!. The place is so pretty and so far clean (just opened) I am at the sportsbook bar they are friendly and I can see this place bumping during football Sundays! It's very upscale but for the common folks. They let us check out the second floor pool. I cannot wait to stay here for a night to check out the nightlife. Doesn't look anything like the old Sahara but you can still remember the layout.. The traditional Chinese breakfast is wonderful and I'm so happy that I found this place. The size of dinner dishes is big so it's a good place for party. Also the sushi and some rolls are good choices when I don't want to eat things with to much oil.. Finally tried to the Uni Tomato Cream (+scallops for the special) and had to bump my review up to 5 stars. It is as good as people say! Definitely give it a try. Worth the $$$ to treat yourself :) 

$33 for the small portion is a bit steep so it isn't something I would have on a regular basis but it is definitely worth trying at least once. It's my first review ever on yelp. I just got back from Head Foot Spa. I have to write a review  after today's great massage. Went to this place due to my grandpa's recommendation. He is a regular to this place. Really impressed with the foot massage. It's different than other places I have visited. Totally relaxed experience for me.  Also, their price is very good. 
I had combo package for 1 hr, first the herb foot bath, then detox, followed by foot massage. after 1 hr I have to admit my neck pain and head pain were all gone. The time went by so fast. Thank you Jin. I will be back soon.. This place is fantastic. The tasting menu and the chef's choice were both wonderful.  Two of us ordered one of each and debated which was better!  In the end we decided both menus were equally good and if we could combine the two, mix and match a bit, it would be even better!

Of course, I am sure the menus will change depending on the season and availability of the food.  

Our 2 favorites were:
Scallop from Chef's choice menu: the chef's creativity in pairing a strained lamg ragout with fresh scallop was the highlight for me.  

Veal from the tasting menu - best veal I had ever had. It was absolutely amazing. The sauce was complex, the texture of the veal was perfect and the taste was sophisticated which is not a word I would usually describe veal.

I can't believe other reviewers are complaining about the "tiny portions"...hum...that's what a tasting menu is!  We eat out at expensive fancy places all the time and honestly, I think this is one of the best. I love the fact that they ONLY have the tasting menus so that the chef can focus on perfecting these dishes each evening for his diners.

Whether you frequent fine-dining establishments or if you are up to try something new in Vegas, this is a good choice.  BTW, very romantic ambiance, overlooking the Bellagio's incredible fountain.. Best pizza in AZ. Awesome beer and wine selection as well. We sat on the patio on a beautiful day and had the best wood fired pizza that we have ever had. The arancinin ( fried risotto balls) were amazing as well. This is an awesome little family run pizzeria. I also heard that they make the pasta in house. We will have to try that next time.. I've been a fan of putters for a few years. Now I'm so excited there is one closer to my new house. The service was excellent, food was great, great bartenders!! Awesome machines!. I was a little worried that I wouldn't find good Mediterranean food here in the valley, but this place has soothed my concerns. Everything I ordered was good, even the tabouleh, which can sometimes go disastrously wrong. The service was fast and friendly, and each time I've gone, the food was delicious.. Best authentic bakery around. Always fresh. Made from scratch. The assortment is blowing one'a mind not your ordinary muffins or cookies. That's how real bakery should look. Everything else is around just a slight hint of bakeries. Enjoy!. I love my new Dentist! Dr. Okun was very nice and only  told me to floss 2 times (normally I get scolded like 5-6 times). The staff was very friendly and it was a very quick xrays and teeth cleaning! Best part about this Dentistry is that they are open Saturdays- as in, I do not have to miss work!!! I am excited to call Okun Dentistry my new home for dental needs!. We visited this past Saturday night, so the 45 minute wait was expected. The hostess was very sweet and apologetic, which was very appreciated. You could tell that they wanted to keep people around.

Now the food, my boyfriend and I ordered hot pot and the beef short ribs. The best part is that they offer different flavors of broth. The spicy one was very good. Everything, meats, vegetables, and additions to the hot pot, are sold a la carte, which I like since the combos typically come with items I wouldn't eat. The portions are large considering the price, especially for the vegetables. The sauce bar is pretty extensive and makes for a very delicious addition for dipping your meats. The korean bbq was delicious as well. They give you the marinade separately to brush onto the meat, which was very nice.

The server seemed very friendly, but there seems to be a lack of communication between servers. One person took our order, not our server, but I think there was some confusion as to what we ordered. However, they did work to fix things very quickly. 

Oh and we did get steamed dumplings, egg pancake, and some lamb skewers as appetizers. Just an fyi, everything will come out almost at the exact same time, regardless whether they are appetizers or not, which is fine by me. The only thing that was sad was that the dumplings and egg pancake did not come with their own sauces, as other restaurants have. But they are very reasonably priced, so I can't complain too much. I'll definitely be back, but most for the korean bbq and not on a weekend evening rush.. Rebe Homes team was a godsend when I needed to short sell my house during my divorce. They linked me with both legal and tax experts and educated me throughout the entire process. During the 13-month process Beth Rebenstorf kept me informed regularly as the team jumped through endless hoops and navigated the bureaucratic red tape. It was an arduous process but the Rebe Home team made it as painless as possible for me during this major life change. I've bought and sold at last six homes over the years and this was by far the most comfortable transaction, despite it occurring during a major upheaval in my life. Beth and Rebe Homes are professional, experienced and dedicated to their clients. They always put my needs first regardless of the bottom line. Beth and Rebe Homes went above and beyond traditional real estate consultants to successfully close the short sale of my home in Laveen. I'm eternally grateful to Beth and Rebe Homes for achieving success in a situation I thought was impossible. The next time I plan to buy or sell a home, Rebe Homes will be the first call I make!. With the advent of the "box store", finding exquisite chocolates and unique gifts in a boutique independently owned and operated store is hard to find.  After sampling the sweets at Eureka Chocolate and Gifts in Shadyside, you'll see why I would never buy mass produced goodies ever gain.

I first discovered Eureka through a friend who purchased most of her gifts for friends there.  Upon entering this quaint shop nestled in the heart of Shadyside, I quickly realized this was to be my "go to" place for gifts for friends as well as presents for myself.  The owner, Susan, has the finest taste in jewelry, scarves, picture frames, gifts for children and a great selection of unusual greeting cards.  I've purchased many a gift at Eureka, but mostly I've bought the chocolate, chocolate, and the chocolate!  My favorite is the milk chocolate bark which absolutely melts in your mouth with a creaminess I haven't found elsewhere.  Visiting my friend's father, I would always stock up on his favorite honey roasted nuts, which are amazing.  I've sample many different sweets at Eureka and all have been wonderful!

Susan has a wonderful assortment of candy, but it's not just the sweets that are so attractive.  Eureka packages gifts and sweets in the most beautiful gift wrap and boxes. When friends receive gifts wrapped by Susan, they are always very impressed!  And, she's always there to help you find that special "something" even if you aren't quite sure what you're looking for.

So, If you're looking for a gift that is sure to make an elegant statement, Eureka is definitely the place to go!. Alaskan Quality is the best...same day service even during the excessive heat warning issued... I highly recommend ALASKAN QUALITY for their excellent customer service, honest & reliable repair technicians! Don't waste your time on calling any of the horrible RIPOFF companies out there that have serviced my 10yr old a/c units....that I will not name...
THANKS ALASKAN...I will always refer anyone who needs a/c or hearing service!!!. Had a lovely meal and one of the best waiters ever. If you're lucky enough to get Dennis, say "Hi" from Orange County!. Very cute place.  Perfect place to take your mom, (which i did while she was visiting from Canada, eh?).   

Of couse you MUST do the high tea: consists of a awesome display of a large 3-tiered plated presentation of tiny goodies.  Little smoked salmon sandwiches, cucumber & cream cheese, scones, jam, tiny petite fours.  I love scones and clotted cream (devenshire) ours arrived with plain whip cream (totally disappointed).  Very unique place to take a guest, just hope your server is in a happier mood for you, otherwise would have given the extra star for star treatment :-). Awesome "juice bar". Just the right alternative in a lovely market with so many other choices. Wish we had something like this at home. We'd be juicing it at least once a week. Some great higher protein juice choices along with wonderful not too sweet house made granola. Thanks for keeping us healthy!. Went there for lunch today. Service was excellent and pizza was delicious! We will definitely be back. Highly recommend the bruchetta pizza and garlic knots.. Before we went on our trip to Las Vegas, everyone told us that with a group of four girls we could get in free anywhere we went when it came to clubbing -- that we would get free drinks and blah, blah, blah...

I didn't believe it. I firmly believe in the concept that if something sounds too good to be true, it is -- but Chris Hornak's service is the real deal.

All you do is go to his website, fill in your name, phone number, email address, and the number of male and female guests in your party (including yourself). Once that's taken care of, you design your ideal schedule based on the clubs available each day you're there.

Chris is excellent at communicating where you should be and when you should be there, plus all the extras you get from being on his guest list (open bar & free drink tickets at some clubs). I knocked off one star just because we weren't on the guest list at Marquee for some reason. Luckily the bouncer knew Chris and let us in anyway.

We had an awesome time, and I definitely recommend this service to those looking to maneuver through Vegas nightlife with a solid plan without paying sky-high covers!. Absolutely Art is a fun place to browse through and see what random piece of art you need to take home with you. I've picked up some jewelry pieces and little gifts for those hard to buy for people. They have a wide range of prices for pieces so you don't have to be loaded to get something unique and made locally. They also have a lot of yard art which the gardener in me really enjoys. Not all of wall art styles are to my taste, but they do have enough variety in items that I am usually able to find something I like.  They are attacheed to the cafe next door, so a pleasant weekend morning of grabbing a chai latte then browsing through the store is a great way to support two local businesses in one stop.. Definitely recommend this as your go-to for any Vegas vacation! They handled everything - it made it a very relaxing trip! Each car-ride, restaurant experience and show was a WOW. Thanks Greg!. I got engaged here in 2012. This is our favorite place in Charlotte! We always go halvsies and split a burger and sushi. It's a must everything we are back in Charlotte. There is usually a wait if you are going in the evening (they need a second location, I vote Ballantine.) but I assure you it is well worth it!. This place is the best. Right by The Lakes, small and dark, and consistently quiet even when it's busy. The same staff have been here forever, like Russ and Darren. Each day is a different featured dinner, and they're all so good they sell out by like 9pm. 

Went recently after hearing my bf and his homeboy reminisce and rave about this place after moving away from Vegas, and it did not disappoint.  Ordered the chicken fried chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes with white gravy and a bowl of the French onion soup.
And it was all amazing. The chicken was well seasoned, flavorful and moist, the mashed potatoes were better than your grandmas and went perfect with the chicken. The veggies were steamed with a delicious seasoning blend and weren't soggy or overlooked at all.
Oh and the French onion soup? It's the best I've ever had. If you've had a bad order of French onion soup, this place will redeem the soup and restore your faith in the tastiness of onions. No joke.

The service is great, there are plenty of TVs to watch a game, and there is zero obligation whatsoever to socialize. Love that- sometimes I want tasty food and/or a drink, but I don't want to look presentable or communicate in any way outside of grunting. This place fits the bill and then some- their house amber is delicious, and the fact that they have their own beers on draft is pretty killer.

Come on Fridays and Saturdays for prime rib, or do Wednesday's pot roast. Come early though, or they'll run out. And don't bother with a house side salad, it's the only menu item that is completely pointless. You're not here to be healthy anyway.. Wow.. Ramen and boba teas with the hot pot! I am in heaven! New name btw, T.Spot.
Came here to try the newly expanded menu  and I have to say..it is the best ramen I have had in AZ!
The broth is simmered with pork bone and you can really tell the difference.. Noodles are cooked perfect and I love the pickled ginger that comes with.
Tried the honey green tea with sea salt cream... And loved it.. It's sweet and creamy.. Still craving it! Will be back for my usual Shabu hot pot fix.. Looks like the quality of this place is still the best:). Super yummy! I highly highly recommend this place for a delicious and inexpensive bite to eat on the strip. I had the tuna melt on wheat and my boyfriend had the club on white. Both were toasted and very very yummy! :) I plan on eating at the Downtown Disney location when I go in January.. Love this place the service is great good is Delish! My new dive. Walking in the staff was very friendly, greeted me as I walked it. There was no horrible nail salon acrylic smell!!!!  The place is very clean and looks well organized. The drills they use are very quiet so that's not the only thing you hear while you're in the salon.  All the materials used for my pedicure came newly wrapped from the sanitizer. I will be back for sure!. I love this place when I am looking for something more than just a fast food burger. My personal favorite is the Blue Ribbon Burger its so tasty. It has just the right amount of bleu cheese an steak sauce topped off with crispy onion strings and don't forget to try the parmesan garlic fries with your burger.. I had just moved to Vegas a couple weeks ago and I desperately needed a hair cut and didnt know who to trust with my hair. I am pretty picky because I am sadly really attached to my hair lol. At this point it was getting all scraggly and thin so I looked around at my co-workers and l loved my friend Janelle's hair. 
I immediately made an apt with Seth because I loved Janelles hair and she also showed me some of his work on his instagram. He seemed to cut a lot of asian hair so I was sold. 
When I walked it was a little awkward as it is sometimes when you meet someone new and you are about to trust them cutting off 6-7 inches of your hair. The receptionist brought me back and there was a great selection of coffee and tea to enjoy during your cut. This was great since I came straight from an 8h work day. 
At first Seth was a little shy but as soon as we started talking after I explained what I wanted I kinda just let him do his own thing! 
For a 50$ haircut you get a mini scalp massage and wash/shampoo. I don't remember him putting conditioner but I could be wrong. When I told him I was having scalp problems he immediately offered solutions and even recommended products. 
I was super surprised by what a great conversationalist he was. He and I talked as he cut my hair for 1.5hours! I was amazed I spent that much time there! I had a great time and to find someone who so much passion for his brand and what he does is rare. 
Ive never met a hair stylist who was this proud of his work and was even willing to take it a step further when I told him I like Thai food and he offered me the hookup to one of the best Thai places in town. 
He even took it a step further when I told him 2-3days later that I was unhappy with my cut and he worked closely with me to make sure I was satisfied. 
I have to say though by looking at all of his pictures I was expecting a blowout/hair curl which I didnt get :( but Im not sure if that is part of his package and it was a later part of friday night. But I was expecting that as all of his pictures online and on his Instagram showed beautiful hair after seeing him. 
I am definitely coming back to get my next cut with him and even recommended him to my friends and family.. We have had a great experience with South End Plumbing.  We have had a lot of new work and renovation work done.  They have done a great job with all of our work and have been available when necessary.  I would definitely recommend them for any plumbing work as they are great to work with and have great customer service!. The service was great & food was amazing.  Only downfall, server didn't go over the specials. We didn't see the board, as we were seated quickly & saw it as were leaving, and would have liked tohave tried them.  We got the tiramisu to go and it was perfect!! Definitely be back!!. Just stopped in on a whim. They mentioned they had fresh baked croissants in the back that had just come out of the oven. Absolutely perfect. My new favorite. Friendly staff and best croissants! Macaroons were great also.. I never thought I would be writing a review in relation to the sudden passing of my Mother....but, I have to say that during the worst time of my life, Best Funeral Services handled everything with the utmost sensitivity and business etiquette. At no point did I feel as if I was just a client or just an opportunity to make money. In fact, after my mother's cremation, Best even called me with an idea on how to save money and I could receive a slight reimbursement - now that is OUTSTANDING customer service. Additionally, I had a few small requests that I specifically wanted for my Mother.....Allison (at Best) was truly diligent in ensuring that those requests were made - which may seemed minor to the average person but meant the world to me for my Mother. 

Note - we didn't have an actual funeral at Best because we had it at my Mother's church. Best handled all of the arrangements from picking my Mother up from the medical examiner (coroner) to her cremation and then shipping her ashes. Best was amazing.....and that is coming from someone who lives in California and had to find a place unexpectedly and from out of state (we handled all of the actual business in person).. This business is right by ours, so we grab lunch there quite often.  It's pretty much a given that the salads are great; fresh, big, flavorful.   But the hidden gem is their Arnold Palmers!   They come in two sizes and your choice of tea.  I recommend the black tea version.. My flight had been delayed and I was so hungry because I woke up late and didnt get top eat breakfast. I walked around the airport and spotted Baja Fresh. I thought sure I''ll give this place a try other people are sp it must be decent. The best breakfast burrito I have ever had. I didnt even remember that there was no meat in it because the flavour was just so good. Everytime I spot a Baja Fresh in an airport thats where I'm having breakfast from now on. 1 star off because the churro they have me was hard as a rock.. I've been here quite a few times, and I still dont know where to find it...Ok, I do know now, but it took a bit If you find the pool table, it's next to that. I think it's the 3rd floor. Anyway, sometimes there's a long line, but it moves pretty quickly. The pizza is pretty good, and if you've been drinking, it's great! It's open 24 hours, which makes it great when drunk at 3am! Seating is limited, prices are a bit steep, but it's tasty. If you haven't been, check it out. Just know what to expect and you will be delighted!. Great lunch specials! A huge assortment of rolls. The servers are quick and friendly. The agadashi tofu is very good. If you want something filling and fusion, try the Grand Canyon roll.. I was looking for a new place to have lunch.  This place is great!  Got the Pork and Mushroom Noodles.  Very delish.  The noodles have a good bite.. So good! We had two different sweet crepes, both were excellent! Our crepes were accompanied by coffee, which was also pretty amazing. The cafe is very charming and comfortable, we definitely had a good time getting dessert here. Pretty much the only french food the boyfriend eats are crepes, lol. I'd love to come back and try their savoury crepe selections as well as a sandwich or two as their menu offerings all look quite tasty. I'm sure once I return I will end up giving them 5 stars! Service was awesome as well.. We just moved here and Trina's Nail & Spa was the perfect place. It was so clean and relaxing. Such wonderful service. Lee and Tony were fantastic. The price is very reasonable. I will definitely be back again. I have found my new pedi place.. first time going to LoLo's.  will definitely be going back.  since we'd never been there before, spoke with patron at table next to us, explaining it was our first visit, and asked what he would suggest we order.  since there were two of us, he suggested ordering the #3 and then getting a couple of side items.  we did order the #3 to split and then ordered mac & cheese, smothered potatoes and grits.  great way to sample a few of their offerings.  left definitely feeling satisfied.  thank you kind sir for your suggestion.. We moved to Phoenix from New York. Because the trees and pricing may be different out here we went online to ask for tree removal/trimming quotes. Four places called us to set up quote appointments. Harris was not the first place to call us, but was the first company to actually drive by and quote us (within one day). When Jerry called with his quote I was very clear about the fact that we wanted other quotes, and the guy was understanding and very nice. I said that another company was already scheduled out a few days later and that he'd have to wait to hear back from us. Again--he totally understood and was appreciative of my communication of that.

Jerry called back the next day to tell me that they had two other jobs scheduled near my house the following day, and would I consider having them come out and do the job? Jerry came down more on the quote, and it was too good to turn down. We asked how long it would take to remove one giant, overgrown and double twisted palo verde tree, grind out the stump and also to trim back the mesquite tree, which probably had never been professionally trimmed + all debris removal. (It was a big job). Jerry said that it would take two hours, and said that his guys would be there at 11am, if that was okay with me. He said that he didn't want to be pushy, but he wanted the job and knew we'd all save money. (we did).

I called my husband to confer and he agreed we should go ahead and do it, because at that time, one of the other companies had already driven by and given us a written a quote that was $100 higher than Jerry's. It was a no-brainer so I called Jerry right back and we scheduled for the next morning.

Jerry's guys showed up two minutes early (yay!) and the job was finished in ONE hour, on the dot. Unbelievable. You'd never have known that the palo verde tree had been there. The mesquite tree looked amazing, and the yard was spotless - no debris. I could hardly believe it. We LOVE it!  Payment was so casual--I simply called Jerry to tell him the job was done, and I gave him my payment over the phone. It was that simple. Jerry answered some questions we had about drip/irrigation tubing, and then he also recommended Whittier Tree Farm over on Southern in case we wanted to replace the tree we had removed. He told us that we'd get a discount there for mentioning his name.

We will call back next year to have them do all of our trees. GREAT EXPERIENCE.. I ate at BB King's almost every morning for breakfast when visiting the Vegas, well at least when I wasn't too hungover and lazy to take the elevator 19 floors down to get some grub. This is a good place to get some breakfast if you are staying at the Mirage. check for the specials on mimosas and bloody Mary's. The bar staff was super duper nice, and I appreciated having my morning cup of coffee with them during my stay.. My family goes to Dr. Larson for our dental needs.  We do not live close, but travel to get great dental care from Dr. Larson, and also friendly and helpful care from the staff.  We highly recommend Paradise Hills Dentistry.. Amazing locally owned business with great service and even better donuts. This
place is about 10 minutes away but we get up on saturday mornings just to get our fix. The donuts are just so fresh and soft tasting! Really is a must try in the west valley!. The macarons were delicious; the texture was great, and the flavors were subtle and pure. I had a lemon and a a raspberry. 

The only reason it doesn't get five stars is the price. I don't know what the deal is, but they're a little small for the price.. The supervisor was very knowledgeable and had great taste when deciding plants to put in my yard. Will recommend.. Not bad as far as airports go. No smoking lounges (probably for the better considering the poor ventilation that's popular among airports). No fun rides between terminals (by "rides" of course I mean intraairport modes of transportation). One thing's for certain:  If you have a layover here, your arriving and departing flights can't be more than 200 yards apart!

[I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]. Milk tea are really Hong Kong style ~~not those made from powder!!. Had the mousaka here and it was delicious! The portion size was great and a good price. Their ingredients seemed fresh. It is a small place but nice open seating. Self Serve Drinks.

The menu at the counter where you order is actually on the ceiling so it wasn't easy to read.

I've also tried the appetizer sampler and the pomegranate chicken at a different location (Lake Mead) and that was great. Good for sharing. Oh also had their salad (part of entree combo) and I Loved it!

Good pricing, good portion, and great service. (order at the counter and it gets brought to  your table)

I've been craving their hummus and pita and mousaka for a while, I need to go back! But too many options for food during the holidays.. 'Tart yogurt with brownies, strawberries, and raspberries.. wait no, with pineapples, mmm.. with blueberries!'
So many choices, and they're all good. This is why this place is so fun and starting to be one of my favorites. As I drove by one today, I couldn't help but think..' should I stop?!' even though I just had finished eating a big burrito.

Thanks to Lindsay and 'Little Hulk' I was encouraged to try their crepe(s) and wow! the crepe added one more reason to keep me coming back!. Food is pretty normal, ethnic foods aren't to die for and are toned down to meet the tastes of the masses, prime rib is to die for! I went to breakfast and it was alright, now the worst but not the best, four stars because it really is good, but not as great as the other one I went to, it's a fair second though.. I have been here several times now and always seem to have a good meal.  I decided to be a little healthier this time and had a Greek salad. It had a good mix of veggies and feta cheese on it with a tasty vinaigrette.  It also came with a plate of hummus and pita chips which was totally unexpected.  I think I actually like the hummus and pita chips better than the salad.  My mom had a pastrami sandwich with fries.  Their sandwiches are huge so she took half home.  Their fries are really good too.  I ate a ton of those.  We definitely will be back.. Good Hawaiian/Asian food!! And the prices are cheap too!! I got the katsu menehune plate and it was a bid portion!! I'm glad I live near this restaurant!!. I liked this place a lot.. 5 stars! These ladies really know what they're doing! The only down side is this place can be hard to find, I just moved here from out of state and I got lost looking for it. Other than that this place is great!. We have several pieces from the Land of Ahhs in our home and every time I walk in I see something that I can easily use to accessorize without breaking the bank. I love this store!. It's a lovely café that provided an iced Americano when I wanted to cool down for the summer heat. There's a lot of space to sit at the wooden tables or at the window bar, whether you're solo or with a friend. 

It's also a great spot to sit and work as a few people had set up camp with their laptops and worked. Kahwa Café offered that friendly ambiance where one could work with ease.. We love this place! The food is always good and the staff is always warm and friendly. We ask for recommendations for new things to try and their recommendations are always excellent.. I love this outdoor oasis. I found it years ago and now me, my husband and pug go to grill past the medium shelter. They have numbered grill spots so you can find your favorite and keep coming back. 
We go Sundays and bring our picnic basket with kabobs, veggies and cous cous salad and enjoy the sun and fresh air. Each site has a picnic table and typically a view if the water. 
After you grill (bring lighter fluid and charcoal) you can hike the trails. 
Get out there before the heat if summer arrives!. crabs are delicious and price are reasonable! go try them out!. This place does not have its own character, but it attracts characters, so that's something. They offer the upstairs room for local gatherings - for free- so I first met The Meadow at a Zine launch. They get stars for culture. Friends often eat here, but there is nothing healthy, so I munch nuts or something I have on me. My fellow students will go after class, so I'm here quite often. Man, I should start checking in!. This cafe is authentic and comforting with genuine, kind, enthusiastic and funny owners. Their passion is worn on their sleeve and the food is great, just like going home to Mum's! Objective achieved because we will be back again. One of the most memorable meals I've had in terms of interaction with the owner and she made our day and welcomed us warmly to Edinburgh. The deluxe hot chocolate is to die for! Highly recommended!!. I LOVE this spa!  I've tried a couple around town but Spa Mio is my first choice when it comes to being a local on a semi-budget.  They offer 25% off treatments (don't forget your ID), which is awesome if you want to venture off into mixing a massage with a wrap or scrub.  They serve the best iced fruit drink (not sure what it is, but it's the pink one) and their steam room is amazing.  The spa attendants were beyond attentive; they really paid attention to the little things.

A word of caution, beware of booking during peak times as their jacuzzi area is a bit small... now book an appointment and RELAX! :). Was really good! Loved reading all about the passengers and how some of them ended up on the ship.  Being able to get the passenger card in the begining and then finding out at the end of the exhibit if you survived was cool.  I loved walking down the 3rd class passenger hallway, and the deck was a nice touch.  Could actually put yourself in their shoes and see, hear and feel what it was like to be on the ship.  Really cool! Would go again if in Vegas!. Seems each visit here tops the last. Enjoyed dinner here the other night and let me start by saying our server, Lance was quite impressive. He was on point in every way. From the first hello to the very last thank you and good bye he was super attentive, touched the table just the right amount of times and made sure we were truely enjoying our experience. The guests that were with me all commented on how great a server he was as well. 

We all enjoyed different dishes and were all very satisfied. I was able to enjoy the mini tacos (listed as an appetizer but more than enough to fill in as a meal). The 3 bite tacos were topped with a mayo like sauce which added tons of flavor. Another guest had the ahi salad and was warned that the ponzu sauce can be a salty so don't pour it all on at once and FYI...That was a VERY good warning. Salad was good but be careful not to pour it all on. Kids were able to share a foot long hot dog and mini burgers, they enjoyed it. 

Ended with a frozen Oreo hot chocolate! So Goooodddd!!! 
Again..left a satisfied customer.. I wish we had a place like this in the Bay Area. Quinoa bowls here are top notch. Healthy and delicious! The fresh pressed juices are tasty and yummy too!. I visited Cornelius recently when I was looking for a gift. This shop has an extensive selection of all sorts of beers, wines and spirits.

At the moment craft beer is so 'hip' and suddenly there are all sorts of bars popping up and selling this wonderful product. Although Cornelius is not a bar, it was already selling craft beers years ago when it wasn't perhaps quite as popular as it is now.

The owner is very knowledgeable and I have had many good recommendations from him when I've been looking for advice, whether it's what kind of wine to choose for a particular dish or what sort of beer to purchase. No problem, you can find a nice bottle you had never heard of and keep coming back to try something else. I believe they also used to do (possibly still do) wine tastings.. If I can give more than 5 stars I would. Thanks to hubby who found this place, I am in love with Art of Flavors. The guy who was behind the counter (owner?) was a passionate gelato artist who will explain to you ice cream is not the same as gelato. Kudos to him!  
They made various flavors and I wish I have enough tummy to try them all. We ended up gotten pistachio (you know I had to get this), oreos and cookies and the lavander flavors. As soon as we were done, hubby and I said to each other, "should we get another cup to share?" it was THAT good. 

I am proud to say, no, we didn't get another cup but now we know whenever we are in the area, we will have to visit Art of Flavors.. This is where we had my boyfriend's "SEE YA LATER" party.  The staff was willing to have food and as many people we wanted for the party.  It was an amazing event, it always is.  

All I have to say is that Cue D's can be an addiction.  The people in this place make a difference and we already miss being here.  The staff is accommodating, warm, and friendly. It's very inexpensive and can have fun without spending an arm and a leg.

It is mostly young kids, so someone who is over 30 might not feel comfortable being here.  However, the most interesting person in here is the bartender who is like an uncle to my boyfriend.  When you come here often enough, it'll feel like home.  Just give it a try because you never know what kind of friendship you might make here.. I was in the neighborhood to drop off shoes at the shoe repair place a few doors down and decided to grab a hot beverage.  I could see through the window that this place was hopping (on a Thursday at lunchtime) and once in the door took two steps and got in line. There was a bakery case showing some beautiful stuff, which I eyeballed while the ladies in front of me tried to figure out what they wanted. 

I ordered my latte and went over to the beverage pick-up area to wait. I was surprised to see another cash register that is, I think, just for ordering drinks. I wasn't in a giant hurry, but that would have shaved some time off, so duly noted for next time. It took a few minutes longer than I expected for my drink, but as the place was full of people, there seemed to be just one employee running the espresso machine, and she was busy the whole time, it wasn't so bad. 

Once I got my caramel latte (I only get them a few times a year, they're an indulgence) I felt like getting back in line for another one. Dang, it was terrific. Easily the best I've ever had. Not bitter at all, not too sweet, it was the baby bear of lattes.. The Hill group was amazingly efficient and professional in both the selling of our old home and the buying of our new one. Joshua was infinitely patient as we worked in a tight market to find a new place that suited us. His recommendations were carefully considered to meet our needs/wants. When we finally found the home we wanted, he acted immediately to secure it, ahead of other bids that came in that same day. Joshua took the time to really listen to us and to be sure we were comfortable with each step of the process.

Our transactions happened over a year and a half ago and we are unexpectedly faced with going through the same process again. We'll definitely be using Joshua as our agent. I just wish we could take him to our new community with us, so we could find the perfect place there!. Convenient. I like the guys that work there. They offer to order stuff for me if they don't normally carry it (e.g. my favorite champagne). Pretty cool!. Place was nice and clean. Had tv's and music going to keep you entertained while they work on your vehicle. I got my windows tinted using a Groupon I bought. They Told me it'll take about 2 hours. Ended up taking like 4 hours because of the person ahead of me. That was a little frustrating, but they apologized and thanked me for my patience. If was fulfilling that my waiting didn't go unnoticed. They also have great customer service; very friendly and informative people. Offered water and even let me change the channel of the TV for my comfort. Overall, My windows look awesome and I am happy with the results.. I've been visiting Dale Ann for the past 5 years. What brought me in was her willingness to go out of the way for me even before I became a patient of hers. I had called on a Sunday with a situation I felt needed urgent attention, yet not emergency room attention. I left a message on her voicemail and she actually called me back that day and offered to come into the office to see me. It turned out I did not need her to do that; however, the offer was really appreciated and is what made me decide to go see her for my health care needs. Her caring and respect for my health concerns are what has kept me coming back to see her; I have even referred friends to her who loved her. She has called me numerous times to talk about lab results, which is so much better than the letters in the mail with lab results that friends and family receive from their providers. 

In the past I have wondered about some of the front desk staff and medical assistants she has had, but my recent visit was wonderful with all new faces who were knowledgeable, efficient, and great to be around. 

If you want to see a caring, knowledgeable, women's health Nurse Practitioner who will take the time to get to know you, then you need to see Dale Ann!. Look, I'm not saying Mi Comida created a wormhole in the space-time continuum, but I am also not saying otherwise.

Step inside... climate and humidity levels immediately shift to match that of a few thousand miles south of here. 

Take a seat and make yourself at home, which should be easy - a warm, smiley, Spanish-speaking only couple is running the show. Don't be intimidated, they work around helplessly bad accents and treat everyone like they belong. There's no exclusivity, just love, tradition, and things getting lost in translation. Check your watch a moment later, only to realize it's been two-and-a-half hours.

Don't worry, your massive chalice of fresh, spicy ceviche will stay icy cold the whole time. Your Ecuadorian spaghetti & chicken will stay perfectly piping. The shrimp stew won't congeal or cool. Your Tropical will be fizzy down to the last sip. I have no explanation for this. If you're not convinced you *might* be in South America, try a tamale or three... and once you've been swayed, try three more.

Mi Comida is as authentic as it gets... so authentic that I'm not sure why I end up in a strip mall in Arizona every time I walk outside. Whatever the case may be, prepare to exit the wormhole impossibly full and possibly sleepy. It's all part of the magic.. This Dunkin Donuts just opened a few weeks ago, and man, what a nice addition this has been? Their move in here is great, because it's finally nice to have some coffee, donuts and bagels in this complex for once.

The place itself is located at the end of the strip mall, visible from the road.  There's a walk up window, with outside seating, and plenty of space inside.  It's a nice sized suite, with a full Dunkin Donuts menu. Bagels, donuts, muffins, coffee and a few sandwiches as well.  My coworkers and I have eaten here a few times, and we love it!  Awesome coffee which keeps us coming back, along with all the tasty pastries.

Service here is great, and the gals are friendly.  Will be back in the future for more awesome tasting coffee and muffins!. My waxer, Aubrey, was very friendly and she made it feel tremendously comfortable for my first time getting a Brazilian wax done! I read about how pushy they are with their products and stuff; however, it doesn't mean you need to buy anything. 

The wax itself wasn't too expensive since they have me a discount for being a local which was nice! 

And honestly, for my first time it wasn't as painful as I anticipated! :). Will use this service from now on! Free paper. Extra courteous service.  Avoid airport parking traffic. Reasonable price.. Store is clean and organized, well stocked, & friendly staff. I have to drive 13 miles to this location but worth the trip.. Cozy little restaurant on Rose Street. The steak was perfectly cooked and the sides were a good size. Sticky toffee pudding was perfect. Overall the service was fast and attentive, and I would definitely go back. I wish the bread was a little bit fresher though but it wasn't a deal breaker.. I love babystacks but this location really needs to fix the wobbly tables. Other than that I love my Banana Foster pancakes Just fix the tables don't want to worry about my coffee or water spilling all over my food. Thanks. Hands down for the zucchini sandwich! It's beyond delicious! I ordered with seasonal fruits and it came with a tasty vanilla yogurt dip! Loved it!. Wet Republic was the highlight of my vegas trip this past September!  What a great concept.  I had the best time and can't wait to go back!!!  We went on a Monday and it was dead.  The weather was perfect, the staff was beautiful, bumpin music, and the food was good.  The VIP host, Joanna, took great care of us, giving us a cabana if we promised to spend $200 on drinks and food - this was easy to do for us slushes, haha!  Our waitress made sure we were never empty handed, the pool was not too cold, and the lounge chairs were so comfy.  Not sure how many times I fell asleep:)  I did not want to leave!  Wet Republic would be my perfect backyard.. I feel a little silly reviewing a Safeway, but there is something about this store that I love. Maybe it's because it reminds me of grocery shopping with my mom every week when I was little...I don't know.

I haven't shopped in a large supermarket for quite some time but since we moved nearby it's just more convenient. Prices are pretty good and I have the Safeway app so for additional savings (you can add Web coupons to your shopper card). 

This location is never busy so they usually only have one or two lanes open. Sometimes that can get backed up but I have never waited more than 5 minutes.. HAPPY HOUR! With all honesty, I only go here for happy hour, but you can't pass it up! 

$5 sake bombs = YESSSSS! 
veggie gyoza= YUM!
chicken gyoza = UHHH YUM!

and the rolls! oh the almighty rolls, they are all made to perfection ! They are really delicious.

All the apps are half price during happy hour, and there are so many choices!! it's excellent! and BONUS they have a DJ there sometimes that plays some groovy tunes. 

In addition to the great prices, the location is killer too! Old town is really a great place to go out so if you're feeling rowdy enough to start drinking during happy hour, you can hit the bars a little bit later and make a night of it.

WIN WIN LADIES AND GENTS!. Small place with a fab vegetarian burger option. Liked that you could pick your own dressings and garnish. House sauce is tasty and their veggie burger is really good, and hearty! Waffle fries were good too and nothing was overly greasy.. The staff was really nice and helpful. One young woman working there noticed I was trying to find my size and she came over and started helping me look. They have some really cute things. I am 23 and buy inexpensive things for myself as well as my 13 year old sister.  The only thing that sucks is that you cannot return things even with a receipt. You can only get store credit. This excludes jewelry. Jewelry is final sale.. Only been here once but man was it delicious, definitely coming back. Must try the red beef burrito, tastes like birria/barbacoa with rice and cabbage, can't remember what else is in it but it was amazing! Pair it with a lemonade yum!. This show was fantastic.  I felt that I could have seen it three more times if I could afford it.  We have seen it at Broadway San Diego and loved it then.  All I can say is this is really worth every penny you spend.  Don't leave Vegas without seeing it.. I love this place! The staff is friendly and knowledgable and do a great job.  The salon is clean and has a classic feel to it.  Location has great parking.. I'm a fan of China Wok. Since the remodel, you can sit down and have a waitress serve you. They also have sushi at a great deal... $7 for 2 rolls, $10 for 3 (for the basic rolls.. some examples are shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, salmon. Some also have cream cheese, cucumber, avocado, ect. )  They also have another page for sushi entrees which is much larger and a more unique choice of their sushi. We've always enjoyed ourselves here.. I just discovered this place today and I love it! It is so cute with all its antiques and old fashioned set-up. Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious!. Probably the best damn catfish I've ever had in this town!!! Been here 11 yrs! Yes its located in a sketchy area, Yes its in the back of an old grocery store and sometimes the lines are long and the service is a little slow. But what do you expect if you want  down home style southern/soul food. Well you wont find it in Summerlin! Where else will you find Okra, Oxtails, Smothered Pork, Black Eyed peas  Mac and cheese and Yams? The greens were also pretty damn good!!!  I'm a fan and only been there twice. The prices are pretty good too! Get off your high horses and try to appreciate the culture and the experience behind the dishes!. Second time here.. Amazing sushi, amazing service and vibe! Of course it's pricey but when you stay at Luxor you get a 20 dollar off coupon! Sooooo worth it. Loved this show. Talented down to earth rockers doing a wonderful job of telling the story of classic rock. They Did a ticketed meet & greet before the show and a free meet & greet after the show. They interacted with the audience and all did a great job. We had a great time and would highly recommend this show.. Miss T's Beauty lounge was amazing. I tried to give myself a brazilian wax the day before my appointment and I made nothing short of a mess. I hopped on Yelp and discovered this beauty lounge and when I called Miss T gave me tips on how to undo the mess I made and also scheduled my apt. I got a Brazilian wax for the first time there in October and she made me feel very comfortable and talked to me through the whole process. She is very friendly and considerate . The beauty lounge is clean and comfortable ! I will definitely be going back for future waxes.. As all previous reviewers have said, these guys are AWESOME. Outstanding service. The service tech actually came out to the parking lot with his clipboard to greet me as soon as I drove in.

In and out in less than an hour. Take a little walk to the nearby Barnes & Noble to browse a little while, and it's all done.

They also do free tire checks and will maintain the air pressure for you. Very courteous, friendly and hardworking people. They earn their five star rating for sure!. I went in for a simple and small tat on my wrist and Kong who had amazing reviews on yelp lived up to his reviews, he was awesome!, he did not make me feel like my tat was silly or stupid like other artists in the past have just bc its not their preference of art yah know! Great enviroment, super clean and I am totally going back to Kong and in fact we already know what i'm getting and Kong is gonna work his traditional magic on me! Cant wait till then!!!!! 60$ minimum FYI!. Enjoyed the great weather today by dining outside for lunch. All of the elements in the Scottish Salmon complemented each other very well.. I went to their Chicago salon first. I was visiting Vegas with a friend. I had an appointment with Sara. First of all, they picked us off AND dropped us off at the airport. They offered us drinks. Cucumber water and iced coffee?! Just cause I could not decide that is what I call outstanding service! 
They definitely go above and beyond. Other places should take notice and pay attention to their clients. 

Sara was great. She is so beautiful and sweet at the same time. She listened very attentively to what I wanted.. and boy did they deliver! I love my haircut and hair color. I have already received compliments on the hair color. It has caramel highlight and some red ones also. I took advantage of my look and went out and took lots of pics! 

I loved this place. Definitely would recommend it. Check it out!. While the food is good/great- I can't for the life of me figure out who designed their kids menu ( which isn't even posted on the wall BTW)! The options for bread are 9 grain and sourdough- my kids always eat whole wheat at home so 9 grain was ok- although the crust was really well- crusty- and then the worst part is that they use spicy brown mustard on a kids ham and cheese! At first I thought my daughter was being dramatic and then I tried it- seriously, how is that at all kid friendly?! Plus the parking lot is ridiculous - prob the worst parking lot I've dealt with since being in San Francisco!. What an amazing place! We used them at our school for the Obstacle Run and Biaggio's brought the best pizza and the salad was SO tasty! We will use them every time we can! Thanks Biaggio! You are the best!. My BFF and family had visited our fab city of Las Vegas and we just had to sneak in one last visit and lunch. The M Resort is always our perfect choice as it gives fantastic access to the 15 and quick for us to get to from home.  We had not tried The Vig Deli yet, and we both have children under 7 and thought the ease and comfort of a casual setting was the perfect choice for us.
The employees were nice and helpful beyond the call of duty.  We had ordered quite a few different things so we could all share but I was worried about carrying it all to the table. Michael, the cashier assured me he would help. After about 10 minutes our food was ready and myself and BFF started to carry it to the table when he ran over and said "Let me help!" without us even asking! He took the trays out of our hands and brought them to the hubs and kids.
The food was fresh and delicious! We had a chicken caesar salad, cheeseburger and FF, soup, and sandwich and more. Of course, I LOVE the refillable soda machine as I am a lover of Diet Coke. 
We even had a "party foul" when my son spilled some of his soup. The attendant ran over and helped and was so sweet about it and wouldn't accept a small tip we offered! Really?! 
Once again, The M has done a fabulous job of choosing employees and offering delicious and comfortable dining!. The food is pretty good, especially for Phoenix. You can't go wrong with seafood pad thai or the Thai chili eggplant. They don't charge extra for more rice unlike Krua Thai. The service isn't is as fast as it was when Nick was the manager, but the food is still the same. I don't recommend the Thai Boba tea; it wasn't very good. The boba was really overcooked.. This restaurant was a great find! The omelette were delicious an buttery and the Diablo potatoes were amazing!!! Be prepared to wait in line but it is WELL WORTH IT!!! Oh and you must order the banana nut muffin, wonderful!!! I'm glad we found this spot! I'm sure we'll be back when we visit Vegas again!. Since I came here based on the Yelp reviews I read, I figured I would write my own. 

I drove 2 hours from Asheville to come to Re in Charlotte to receive a Keratin treatment (not many places in Asheville offer them, and if they do, it's the KeraGreen treatment which has not worked well for me in the past). After driving 2 hours, it was nice to just pull right up to the building and use the complimentary valet parking.

I was greeted warmly by the receptionist at the front desk, and the 5-7 minute wait was honestly welcome since I had just been in the car for a while. My stylist, Dash (her full name is Dashelle), came and cheerfully introduced herself to me before leading me to her chair. I felt like I had known Dash forever! We had the best time talking about our favorite TV shows, our families and more. She was very quick with the Keratin treatment while not making me feel rushed whatsoever. 

I am very happy with how the treatment turned out. I will definitely be back to see Dash at Re again, and I highly recommend this salon for a Keratin treatment.. Very honest only will get my oil changed at a superior tire location. Great service they don't try to upsell you. Very happy with these guys! They called us the day before to confirm and showed up on time-which being Sunday morning at 8am, was appreciated. I expected the job to take about 4 hours, mainly because we were moving from a 2nd floor to another 2nd floor place, but they finished in 3.5 hours so we were pleasantly surprised. I snuck outside to peek into the truck, because I have seen some dirty moving trucks in the past, but from what I could see, it was very organized and looked clean. And when moving into the new place they made sure to ask us where every single thing should go, they didn't just come in and start setting things down-which is one thing that usually drives me crazy. And special thanks to Sedrick (I'm probably spelling his name wrong) when I was telling him where to put each box he brought in I would go and try to grab them, and he wouldn't let me lift a finger, but moved them himself. Much appreciated :). Love the portobello mushroom sandwich! They have free delivery and very friendly employees. They also have very fast service... Every time I have ordered, they have been early than expected bringing the food which is also a plus!. I think one of the best if not the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Talk about ginormous selection!  There's a seafood station with crab legs, shrimp, ceviche, oyster shooters, miso sea bass, lobster biscuits, a whole meat station with sausage, prime rib, brisket, ham and chicken, a mexican station, a whole other room that has asian food including dim sum, roast duck, chow mein and fried rice, sushi, and cold meats and cheeses, and an italian station with pizza.  Then you have dessert with a made to order crepe station, gelato, ice cream, and various desserts.  Definitely have to pace yourself so you can try a little bit of everything.  I really think this is one of the buffets in Las Vegas that has the most variety and everything was pretty tasty considering it was a buffet!  July 4th brunch was $53 a person so it's not cheap but definitely worth a visit.  Wait wasn't too long for 3...came at around 10:30.  You check in electronically and they will text you when it's ready.. Girls Night In FTW!

My company does a MAJOR holiday bash - and we all want to look and feel our best.  So Serenity's Girls Night In couldn't have come at a better time.  5 gals from work booked a variety of services, facials, massage and spray tanning.  The staff worked with us all to schedule everything, and even sent us a nice confirmation itinerary. 

When we got there, we were greeted by name, even though it was the first visit for all but one of us.

We had a couple people who had never had a massage before and were a little nervous, and the staff made sure everyone was comfortable with the process.  

While waiting for my massage I was able to browse the various vendors who had come out for the event.  From Cookie Lee Jewelry, Pampered Chef and Tupperware to Scentsy Candles and Knock-Off Purses, it was a great shopping opportunity as well.

We all feel glamorous, relaxed and ready for the holiday party!. One of my favorite breakfast stops in Pittsburgh! Can't beat the hometown feel of this place. Always had great service.. I was so sad when Doug's Market and Buena Vista Coffee Shop both closed this year! Luckily the Allegheny City Market showed up. Their sandwiches are tasty, and it's great to be able to just grab some hummus or veggies. Plus I'm glad they carry bread from Allegro Hearth!. Okay so I'm so glad I decided to get a much-needed-kick-off-Spring-Break pedicure while I waited for my glasses prescription to be filled! This little nail salon is sandwiched right between a few more pricey boutiques in Boca Park, across from Kona Grill. 

Before I stepped in, I checked the reviews, and they didn't seem so great, but I took a chance and had a really awesome pedicure for the standard $25! I forget the name of my lady (which is probably not helpful lol) but she was a bit older than the other nail techs there. 

Anyway, treatment was standard for every customer--sit in a massage chair (which super impressed me because it has a butt massage option lol!), usual scrub down and nail shaping. Every nail tech also used gloves, which only added to their super clean atmosphere. Also, it was awesome because everyone really takes their time to give your legs and feet a good rub down. Before they finish up your toes with polish, they put on piping hot towels on your legs and feet. I almost fell asleep--it was so relaxing! 

I thought the customer service was great, aside from this slightly rude guy at the beginning who gave me some attitude when I asked if they had foam slippers --hence the one star deduction. Other than that, everyone was really helpful and not overly pushy with the different services they offer, which is the case at MANY nail salons. I LOVE the Body Barre!  The staff and owners are fabulous.  I'm turning 50 this year, and I'm in the best shape of my life thanks to Barre and all the instructors that continually push me every day!!! I look forward to going there every day :) I do triathlons and this is the BEST complement to keep me healthy.. It's a cute little juice bar and I've been quite happy with everything I've had here. They tend to be a little slow (I've only ever seen one person working in the back and one in the front). As others have said, it's a little expensive considering it's not organic but I'm not an everyday regular and I wouldn't say it's more expensive than most of the other places I go for similar things.

The PB bowl is AMAZING. Seriously, if you love peanut butter indulge in this goodness! Pitaya (dragon fruit) is another favorite...as the bowl or the smoothie. 

Just don't go when you are in a hurry and be prepared to spend a little for the fresh ingredients and you'll most likely be pleased as punch!. A must see for Valley residents who haven't been here but are aware of the hype behind the show. No waiting if you show Nevada ID. I enjoyed browsing the merchandise and usually take visitors here too. I haven't bought anything here yet, but will return periodically to check out the show items for sale.. This place mostly gets 4 stars for the atmosphere. It has a very old-school Vegas feel and it's open 24 hours. That alone makes this a great spot.

There's a nice bar area and then a large restaurant area complete with old-school Vegas lounge singers during certain times. The atmosphere is just fantastic. Just dark enough, those great curved booths, waiters wearing ties, lots of families and couples, etc.

The bread that each table automatically gets was delicious. Little square bites that were very buttery with some garlic. And served with a great red sauce for dipping (definitely not a marinara).

We opted for pasta dishes, of course. The basic spaghetti with meat sauce and the salmon on a bed of penne pomodoro. I was a bit confused when no sides were offered for the spaghetti (even though it says it comes with one at the top of the menu). And then with the salmon, I was asked if I wanted pasta or a potato. Well, since it is supposed to be a pasta dish, why would I get the pasta? But alas, I didn't question it and didn't say anything when the food arrived - I had no pasta on my plate, just a piece of salmon and a baked potato. Thankfully, the salmon was delicious and cooked perfectly. And while basic, the spaghetti with meat sauce had a good flavor. 

The waiter was very nice and checked on us several times. And despite it being packed, we never felt rushed.

This is definitely a place worthy of a repeat visit. Both a great place for a date and to take family visiting from out-of-town.. Wochenende und wir gönnen uns ein leckeres, manchmal auch deftiges Essen im Burghof. Mensch, das ist eine Wucht!!! Wenn man so richtig Hunger auf Fleisch mit Nudle ond Salaaad hat, dann führt einen der Weg unweigerlich hierher. Auch Themenwochen gibts: Spargel, Gansessen usw.
Langsam werden die Gruppen der älteren Menschen auch aufgebrochen und die Jungen kommen dazu. 
Preise ok, Essen prima, Service auch ganz gut.. It's just another lazy Saturday, my friend and I bumming around downtown, popping into little boutiques and then we get hungry. My friend mentions tacos and I remembered seeing this place on Check Please Arizona (yes, I love this nerdy show). We head over to the Clarendon and in an instant I'm transported from Phoenix to some other city...it felt like San Diego or something. People were wandering around in bathing suits. The atmosphere was super chill. There were hipsters in colored jeans, old ladies in polyester, and families with little kids. I loved it already. 

The service was good - not crazy speedy or anything but that seemed to go with the laid back vibe. I ordered the cheese quesedilla and 2 tacos - carne asada and pork. Everything was good - the pork was a little fatty so I'd probably skip that next time. My friend had the halibut and pork tacos as well as the corn which she said was awesome. She felt the same as I did about the pork taco. 

The check was only $20 - not bad. I will definitely be back for happy hour!. I've got thick curly hair and finding a new stylist after I moved was a nightmare. 

Then, Ginger came to the rescue. She massaged my tired little scalp, listened to the two things I wanted from my cut (nix the heaviness off the bottom and keep the length) and gave me a DELIGHTFUL new 'do. 

She even showed me a new way to defuse my hair so it came out looking glamorous and not like a forest wild things live in.. Rusty was absolutely top notch! We closed escrow in less than 30 days - during the holidays! Thanks to Rusty's professionalism, knowledge and experience we will be in our new home for Christmas. Can't thank him enough. He is very easy to work with. Initial contact was via phone where he laid out all the expectations and followed up with an email reminding me of everything I needed. He didn't go back and forth like other lenders asking for a page a day. Very organized manner of running business which made the whole process run very smoothly. We've been through 3 purchases now, and about 4 refis and none ever ran this smoothly. Will definitely come back to Rusty if I purchase or refi again.. This place has a variety of Mexican/Tex Mex as well as latin food and I only say latin because I had the torta Cubana but for the most part the menu has to offer more Mexican dishes than anything else. It is located at the Mandalay Bay hotel. All of our dishes taste wonderful, I really enjoyed each and every one of them. They start you off with Chips and 3 different types of salsa. We then had a plate of fresh fruit drizzled with honey, empanadas were also good. Next we had the queso fundido topped with  chorizo and a side of  flour tortillas. I also had the Tortilla soup and it was delish!. Our main dish torta cubana and pulled pork followed by dessert, flan. I highly highly recommend this place. Service is very good.. The Encore does everything right.  The beds are super comfy, the employees are extremely professional.
I did not think the Wi-Fi worked very well, it did not work every time.
The snacks in the room are tempting----but do not touch, it will cost you.  The hotel is quite expensive, but worth it.
If you want to buy cheap snacks, beer, wine, go out of the hotel and turn right and there are cheap places to buy stuff you might need.  Everything in the hotel is overpriced.
I wish there was a refrigerator to use in the room, but unfortunately it is filled with things that you can buy.. Really like it here. Love the chicken souvlaki. The calamari is a hit-or-miss because sometimes the squid is tough. This is a great casual place to go to for a good price. Service is hit or miss as well. Would recommend to anyone wanting a good tasty meal. They also do take out!. My friend and I were looking for food options after coming out of a gift buying party. Shopping builds up the appetite ...the Hor Devours at the party were just not going to cut it! We were leaning towards our usual Chinese Buffet but we are trying to eat better so we decided on Momoyama. 

We never really ate at non buffets together before so ordering was a bit of a challenge. We wanted to share a roll and get an entree each. I was planning to get something like a Spicy Crab Roll, California Roll ...a wannabe Sushi roll? My friend doesn't like eating anything with fake crab in it ...she wanted a Deep Fried Spicy Tuna Roll. I was hesitant because my first Sushi experience ordering a Philadelphia Roll is something I would like to forget! That came with a big piece of raw fish. I shuddered at the memory of me gagging on it. She saw that I wasn't really liking this idea but eventually I gave in because I figured I'm older now maybe I would like it this time. The first bite was okay it left a bit of an after taste but as I started to eat them it tasted better and better! 

I then ordered some Chicken Curry that came with a side of white rice. The Curry reminded me of a mildly thicker soup which could be eaten without rice. The next day I had my left overs with out rice and it was still very good! It wasn't made with coconut milk so it had a different taste than Thai Curry but it was still tasty.. This buffet is not just delicious, it has so many options, the part that I like the most was that I was able to have my vegan options, normally is difficult for me to find quality Vegan food, specially in high end restaurant (Witch I don't understand, and for 16 dollars more all U can drink. Kristi is the best. She helps me a lot when I go In and probably doesn't even remember me but is always fantastic in customer service and always helpful. Great selection of what I'm looking for each time, too.. Wow-probably the best Indian food I have had! We were in town for vacation in August, and while I can't remember all the particulars without reviewing the menu, everything we had was delicious. We had our 13 and 15 year old boys with us-they have had Indian food before, and really enjoyed it as well. The owners son who was waiting on us (we sat in the very front section, on the carpet with the tiny tables in the window. It  was fun, but the guys aren't so limber so next time we'll wait for a regular table!) was very friendly and even though the restaurant was cranking and full, he took the time to answer all questions, and patiently describe different items to the boys. I do recall that the tandoori chicken was the best I've ever had, hands down! Great experience, GREAT meal!!. Oh Frankie's, how I love thee? Let me count the ways...

1) You're open all the time - doesn't matter if I'm craving a Zombie at 4 a.m. or 4 p.m., you're ready to roll.

2) The decor can't be beat. You just have to go there and see for yourself folks.

3) Great vintage Hawaiian movies playing in the background.

4) A jukebox with enough surf rock to keep a girl occupied for hours.

5) Drinks that will literally knock your socks off. And put a little hair on your chest, too.

Yeah, people might complain that it's a little dingy or smoky inside, but I. Don't. Care. You can't find a Frankie's just anywhere, so let 'em do whatever they want.. Great show! Being a Carrot Top fan for years, I went in with high expectations, which were far exceeded! I laughed the entire show and can appreciate how well he reads his audience. This is definitely an 18+ show, as there is a lot of adult humor.. I have never eaten here, but I love stopping in to try one of their interesting cocktails. The bartenders are personable and will help you find something you'll enjoy. Yes, it is generally more expensive than a typical bar but you're also paying for the atmosphere and creativity. I generally do not like to go to places where I can just make the food or drink myself for a fraction of the cost. I don't mind pay for these drinks because I can't make them myself, and they get me out of my gin and tonic comfort zone. The people that can't appreciate this place simply aren't the clientele this place is targeting. Perhaps you should try Belvedere's down the street. If you think you can appreciate a slightly more expensive, creative, hand crafted cocktail, I suggest you try this place out.. Had the Banh Mi burger here and it was so so good. 

They put like 8 diff types of meat into 1 patty, (pork, beef, pate, shrimp...I can't remember the rest), add some tasty lettuce, picked dikon and radish, and give you a sweet dipping sauce on the side.  The patty was succulent and a great combination with the fluffy, soft bun...  had the tasty flavors of banh mi with the best parts of a burger (big bun, juicy patty) 

Everything great fusion should be. Can't wait to come back.. I posted a review here before with three stars, stating that the food wasn't spectacular, but I've visited the restaurant a few times since then and wanted to update my thoughts on the place. Not only do they have the best cheese curds around (even my boyfriend loved them and he doesn't like cheese curds) but they make the best strawberry daiquiris I've had in a very long time. I've upped my rating to 4 and consider this place a regular now.. The food at Samurai is AMAZING.  We ate at the teppan table with a group celebrating a graduation.  Between the chef and the server, everything was fantastic.  This place is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.  The cocktails are a little weak, but if you go with Saki, you can't go wrong.. My friends and I were given free cocktails by a promoter. Def not turning that down. We sat outside, had our drinks and watched the Bellagio water show. It was awesome. Big fan of this place.. We recently brought our very sick puppy, Jemma, to Horizon's Animal Hospital. They were able to get us in late on a Saturday afternoon at very short notice. They diagnosed our young pup with Parvovirus within the first 20mins of being there, after she had been wrongly diagnosed at a cost of $350.00 at a previous vet's office earlier that day. Although parvovirus was an extremely serious and scary diagnosis both the doctor's and the tech's did everything they could to immediately begin treating Jemma aggressively, while also trying to help us manage her care on a budget. Since Horizon's is not a 24hr hospital, we did have to transfer Jemma back and forth from the Paradise Valley Emergency Clinic for overnight care, but the doctors worked so well together and helped us to make her transitions seamless. Jemma is now home and healing, and we could not be more thankful or more impressed with all of the staff at Horizon Animal Hospital. We owe them all the thanks in the world, and we are so happy to have found a veterinarian's hospital that we trust and feel safe bringing  both of our dogs to!. Ladies looking for a nice and clean place to get your nails done... Come to foxy's... Jackie will take good care of you.... They have a lot of selection and great to pick up things for my college bound god-daughter.  We found a pot, pan, and filtered bottle for water....  WIN WIN!. Apparently, there's a difference in crowds who patronize either the Wynn or Encore. 

A few people were surprised we booked at the Wynn because it's usually an older crowd and the younger people book their stay at Encore. It's all the same to me but I guess the biggest difference would be that most of the clubs are more accessible from the Encore side.. Rick Douglas has helped us throughout the years with our taxes, both Personal and Business.  He offers various tax services too.  Rick is very thorough and professional.  He answers all our questions either in person, by email, or phone.  He is reasonably priced, especially for the type of service we have received!  

Pros: All tax services, great price, great customer service, detailed, saves us on taxes, and just overall a great person to trust to help us out!  Oh and great website too! 

I am so glad we found him because it's hard to find a good CPA!. Visiting my family and the day I was leaving, my car wouldn't start. Car was towed to AutoNation Nissan and it was diagnosed within an hour. Dario Franco, the service consultant was very helpful & professional, kept me updated the entire process. Very satisfied with the service, Dario was very helpful keeping my car fixed so I could return home safely. My Altima drove very smoothly!. I had my cat, Princess Fuball get a lion cut here.  Most groomers do not do cats and those that do usually don't do a good job. Jennifer did an excellent job.  She is the only groomer who actually shaved her as low as I wanted to. My princess personality changes immediately, she obviously feels so much better.

If you have a cat that needs a haircut take them here. 

I love this company because they also support the NSPCA, I love supporting companies that help rescues find loving homes, which all animals deserve.. Dr.Pearson has outstanding rapport, extensive knowledge & effective communication. I wish all doctors would treat us with so much dignity!. Food is good. It is kinda expensive. Service was great! Did not like the French onion soup.. It was very sweet! Overall enjoyed it. :). No complaints!!! They do a great job, their prices are fair, and the lady that works here is always pleasant!. Very sanitary, great salon!. Really nice people! The deep tissue massage was good! I'm going to be sore tomorrow for sure.. Dr Ruiz & her staff have been awesome as I've prepared my cats to move overseas with me. Dr Ruiz went above & beyond to be sure all the paperwork was filled out to strict airline & EU guidelines. And besides that, both of my kitties warmed up to her & staff and were treated very well. They were very kind when one of my cats had an accident in the carrier on the drive in. The office is clean & I love that they have 2 cats who live there!. We love TJ's. The service is always fast and friendly. The food is consistently good...well, except for one time when my husband ordered the fish fry. It was WAAAAY too salty but considering how many times we've been there, one bad day is forgivable. The prices are unbelievably affordable. We are definitely fans. :). My favorite Italian restaurant.  Simon is charming and the wait staff is pleasant and courteous.
Very nice to sit at a table with cloths.   The food is delicious and presented nicely.   Since I can't get back to Italy,  I have Portofino Ristorante.. Its alittles small but this place is bomb I absolutely love their hot wing's!!!!! The food is always fresh and the service is good. The burgers are pretty good too and really big!!!!. Cheapest gas in the neighborhood!. I go to this Tempe location once a week to meet my son at ASU for lunch.  The food is absolutely fresh and amazing.  I get the raw vegetable salad and it is super healthy and a huge portion.  My son gets the Protein plates and loves them.  We love sitting on the patio area.  It is always busy, but the line goes quick and the food comes out right away.  This is a healthy choice near ASU........you won't be disappointed!. Every time me and my husband come to Las Vegas, we make sure we stay at least one night! UGH!! I love this place! thanks to my bff we found this place..the people are nice, they got the good slots and the rooms are great, good views....we stayed there last night and we didn't want to leave! Ill be back boo!. I loved this bakery. So cute inside and the staff was helpful. The cinnamon roll and the cookie with everything in it were my favorite. So excited to have this in my neighborhood.. I have been looking for a photo montage video maker. I had a couple of videos made by some companies and I was not really happy. I am glad I found Creative Artistry of Arizona. They made an excellent memorial photo montage video of my mother.  Creative Artistry was able to capture my mom's lifetime story in a captivating way that everyone  enjoyed watching it. The staff is very helpful when I didn't know where to begin.  They have competitive pricing.  Will definitely hire them again. Thank you Creative Artistry. You are the best!. A cut above the rest! Ha! Dorky? Well that's me!

If you need a haircut, blowout, color or style, Shanelle is the one to see!  She is absolutely amazing.  Her fun and bubbly personality always makes for a fun appointment to see her.  She has completely transformed and revived my once dry and dead hair.  Incredible. My appointments have never been cancelled or moved and she's always on time.  

Recently they have opened a new remodeled side of the salon.  It's clean, modern with many amenities.  I'm always offered a variety of beverages from the fabulous Elena at the front desk.  Elena is definitely another asset to the salon.  If you're waiting for color to set, they have a nice sitting area with mags, huge tv or refreshments.  

In the past 3 years going here, it has never let me down.. What a gem to find tucked around the corner from Egg Works (yuck chain). They serve a wonderful LavAzza latte with latte art. I'm a coffee snob but this place is perfect. I also had the Veggie Hash with brussel sprouts, mushrooms and onions; it was huge for like $8!! This is my new sweet place to relax off the busy streets!!!. Love their creamy smoothies! The perfect post workout to-go drink. You can't go wrong with the Incan Warrior or the Grey Hulk, the latter being my favorite. 

Haven't tried anything more substantial on their actual menu but I am making it my 2014 goal to get through their entire smoothie list. They also sell a variety of cold presses individually or as part of a cleanse diet which would be interesting to try.. Been going to Sarah Whitesell for many years and no one can do reds like her.  She's loves to play with color and it always looks amazing.  The color line itself is so gentle on my hair, I never get the dried up ends.  Highly recommended.. Impeccable customer service, front beginning to end.

I decided to host a family event and wanted to do something nice. So I went with the executive hospitality suite. Check in was easy, fast and painless.

My suite was amazing. 180 degree view. Spacious and comfortable. 

We had one and half bathrooms, a meeting room, a wet bar, living room area and our master bath and master bedroom and something like 4 or 5 TVs, I can't remember that exactly now.

During our stay, our rooms were cleaned more than once a day. They were on top of their A game when it came to attending to your needs. 

The suite itself was up to par with all the nice electronic features. Truth be told, one of our favorite features was the toilet seat warmer. It was hard going back to our toilet after that.  And that nice big roman style jet bath. Oh you know I filled it up with bubbles, although I should not have. 

We had an amazing stay and I can't wait to do it again.. I was immediately greeted upon arrival. I came in specifically for a crepe, so I started to look at the menu with my sisters. Then the guy who greeted us gave my sisters and I a little piece of paper to fill out. Which I think is a great idea! It prevents mistakes, you basically fill out the paper with all the toppings you want in your crepe. The lady who made the crepes did an amazing job because they were delicious!!! The customer service here is above and beyond. The guy who was working the register was super nice made me feel very welcomed. I will for sure hands down be back soon!!. Great place for a gel manicure! They take their time and are very friendly and actually care about how your nails look. Appointment only so it is nice and relaxing and quiet. This is my new go to nail spot in Cave Creek!. Cute little gem in a rather ordinary strip mall off of Eastern and Sunridge.

We enjoyed a number of tasty items... and there's quite a few to choose from.

I got the Veggie Breakfast Bagel while the husband got the breakfast burrito.  Both were served with a green salad... odd, interesting and quite good for breakfast.... Who Knew?  :)

Then we took home the PB&J Brioche, Pretzel bread and a cookie.

First... the Veggie Bagel.... this is no ordinary Veggie Bagel.... gourmet all the way from the goat cheese to the asparagus to the squash.  Quite Tasty!

Breakfast Burrito was loaded with what tasted like homemade sausage.  Meaty goodness..... great way to start off a morning.

The Oatmeal cookie was our "take out breakfast dessert"... Best Darn Oatmeal Cookie ... EVER!  Moist with a lite crunch and sweetness.

Pretzel Bread was fabulous.... I need more of this.  :)

PB&J Brioche was lovely!  It's actually PB flavored brioche with a bit of jam in it.  I personally could have used more jam.

The only "knock" I give them is that they didn't have a Whole Wheat or a Whole Grain bagel to select for my breakfast bagel sandwich.  Oh well.  I won't hold that against them.

I saw their waffles and that looked fantastic so I'll be going back to try that too.  And then they had a selection of other yummy-looking pastries and desserts.. Above and beyond my expectations. As a female, anything to do with cars has been a challenge and out of my comfort zone. I've never felt so well taken care of. Extremely professional, kind and honest. The customer service was outstanding and the body work to match. Highly recommend custom paint and body to all of my friends and family.. Newly renovated rooms are gorgeous! Clean, beautiful and just right for our needs. The staff was pleasant and helpful. We love the neighborhood. It's much quieter than staying near the strip. There are plenty of restaurants and shopping in the area. We hope to stay here again.. Dear Roka Akor, 

Is it ok if i just call you Roka? I feel that we are on a 'first-name' basis now. It was just recently, that I met you...but you came into my world like a whirlwind...i hope you can look past the fat rolls that are inevitably going to form. 

Every meeting has been amazing, but the last time was unlike anything I've ever experienced. 

It was Valentine's Day and you had a romantic evening planned for me. Even though I've had experiences with tasting menus (wink wink), yours was by far the best. 

Butterfish Tataki with White Asparagus 
Kumomoto Oyster with Yuzu 
Sashimi Selection 
Lobster Miso Soup with Wakame 
Yuzu Marinated Black Cod w/ Robata Grilled Asparagus with Sweet Soy 
Creekstone Prime Filet and Chili Ginger Sauce w/ Robata Grilled Mushrooms with Soy Garlic Butter 
Japanese Wild Mushroom Risotto 
Double Chocolate Ganache Cake 

Everything was delicious. You even made me like mushrooms! 

I was full, content and happy. 

Then it happened - you wanted me to pay?! 79 bucks? AND I had to tip you? I thought I was special...that we had something!!! 

It's ok though. You were worth every penny. And even though you make me feel a little dirty and very guilty, I can't wait to meet with you again. 

Passionately, 

Jana. Visiting Montreal for the time and came to this place for our last dinner. I was so glad we came here because the food here is soooooo yummmy that makes the whole trip worth it. We had the tomato mussel and blue fin tuna for appetiZer. It was absolutely delicious. We had steak and scallop for entree. We literally clean the plate. This would be one of the reason that makes me wanna come bak to Montreal. :) love it!!!. This is the greatest liquor store! They've got a huge selection and if they don't have something then they will search for it and special order it. Just wish they'd get Dolin dry vermouth! Makes a perfect martini. Oh! Gil rocks!!. I love when I can go into a store and they have all the things I wanted that I saw online and you are in and out of there! Staff was great showing me where everything was, waiting in line didn't take forever even though it was pretty full in there. Ended up buying more stuff than I had originally planned but hey, walked out with a smile and new work out clothes! Got my mom a few tanks and got my cousin a new jacket, all in all a great shopping experience! Glad we came here!. Really fun place.  You can eat the menu!  The desserts are soooo good and not too sweet.  Desserts are also beautiful.  If you sit at the bar you can watch them make the desserts.  Service is great, really nice.  Decor is very clean and nice.

The bathroom is super clean.  Made me so happy to use such a clean bathroom.  Definitely check out the bathroom.. This place is uncomplicated frozen yogurt.  They don't have a million flavors or a million toppings, but they have a nice selection of each.  And their prices can't be beat!  So if you are looking for some cheap, tasty frozen yogurt, definitely check this place out.. I love this hotel because it's smoke free!! There's no casino in it, but it's in walking distance from the Aria casino. So it's perfect for the people that want to sleep in a smoke free hotel. Also, the rooms are like mini suites or even mini luxury apartments! It has a mini kitchen with a mini living room and mini bedroom with a super modern feel to it. Extremely clean and always smells good in here.. Very happy that Livewire hosted Duke Dumont and Gorgon City recently (two separate events). I had a great experience both nights! I really like that the venue has a second story, so you can take a break from the giant dancing crowd by sneaking upstairs. By positioning the "VIP" tables and booths upstairs, the dance floor below is even larger. As expected, it is super loud during the shows. Bring earplugs if you're worried/bothered. 

Duke was on a Saturday and the venue was completely packed. I showed up right before he went on and everyone went crazy when it started. Awesome sound, lights and graphics. I was upset that he played such a short set - only an hour, maybe a little longer. He's only in town once a year so daaaaang, give us more (please)!!!

I showed up early for Gorgon City because I wasn't sure when they'd go on since it was a Wednesday night. The two opening artists were excellent and it was fun to watch the dance floor fill up over the course of two dj sets and two hours. By the time Gorgon came on, the venue was full and we were ready to boogie. Because it was a Wednesday, the crowd was excellent - we were all there for the music and all on the same page. Quite different from any crowd you'll find at a club on a weekend. Gorgon played for so long and just killed it with two live singers and a drummer. By far the best live show I've seen in years! Fantastic atmosphere and vibes all around. 

I'm excited to see what artists Livewire will host next. Keep bringing the deep haus to Old Town, I need it, thank you!!!! (Also, some of us "haus heads" work early in the morning so please schedule the weekday shows earlier than midnight! ;) Thx!). This by far is the biggest F21 store I've ever been to.  We went on a shopping trip and found so many cute things for under $20 each.. Best Mexican food in Pittsburgh! I highly recommend the veg burrito, which I request to be made extra spicy. Every time I go, it is pretty crowded and I have had to wait a long wait several of the times... but it is always worth it!. Simply fantastic! 
One of the best, if not the best, luxury hotel I have ever been.
Rooms are beautiful, the staff is top notch and lovely
And don't get me started on the restaurant:)
If you have the opportunity, a must in Montreal. Stopped in for dinner after my father-in-law got into town. Little bit of a wait but well worth it. Lisa took great care of us--excellent service. Thanks so much for a delicious evening!!. I heard about Molly from one of many attorneys I met with through the free Ask-A-Lawyer program held weekly at the Clark County Family Court complex. 

What a blessing! Molly (and her staff) were amazing from every perspective. I was just informed of the judge's decision in my contested divorce yesterday and I could not be more pleased and grateful. Molly was always honest and straightforward (she never just told me what I wanted to hear) and her fees are extremely competitive. 

I really can' t say enough about how thorough, smart and assertive Molly is. She has a great sense of humor too, which doesn't hurt when you're going through a rough time.. I'll always have a soft spot for this theater. I'm never the type who tends to watch a movie right when it comes out and can always count on people coming here when I'm weeks behind the game (since I hate sitting in an empty theater). 

The ambiance is comfortable and most importantly clean. You're always given a good seat even when you walk in late and sit in the first three rows. The screen is perfectly proportionate in my opinion, since I've experienced neck pains from other places (LOL).

Aside from the obvious, the bar is a nice touch to keep up with competition, the half-off deals on Tuesday is a must (my day off as well) and their white cherry slushy is the best in town (I kid you not). It can be a packed house on certain days but the company is nice sometimes. 

PS: Don't forget your student ID for discounts!. Street fighter is a great place for any audio system or almost anything you need for your car! Small businesses is where it's at and they are amazing!. I keep coming back because the food and smoothies are so good!!!

This location is always tricky with parking because there's so many store fronts facing all of 15 parking spots. But once you're inside, like always, plan on waiting because the menu items are made-to-order. 

No drive thru here. No more punch cards. But LOTS of covered outdoor seating which is always nice!. I went in for a hair cut last weekend with Josh, I showed him a photo of what I had in mind and he did a great job adapting it to my hair type.  It was really easy to get an appointment and they were on time.  I will defiantly be going back for my next hair cut in the future!. I love this place! Clean, staff is friendly, great selection on the menu. On our recent visit to az we ate here three times. First time I had a turkey cranberry sandwich and BBQ chicken salad, second time rigatoni bolognese and salad, third time French onion soup and a club croissant. Everything was great. Fresh food, salads mixed to order. The choc chip cookies are melt in your mouth delicious. Wish we had PB in Minnesota!. John Chase is by far the most knowledgeable and sincere insurance agent I have ever used or recommended.   He takes the time to ask enough questions to make sure he is doing what is best for his client.  His office is prompt and very professional.  I highly recommend you call him before making a final decision on all your insurance needs and he will take the time to make sure you understand what is best for you and your family and / or business.. LOVE MINI of Madison!  

My service is wonderful, the sales team is helpful and it's close to my house.. I used to work right next to this place and I would always go to get my manicure  and pedicure done and seriously they do the best job ever out of all the places I have been this place is the only one place that do wonderful gel mani/pedicure of all times, it last me forever and it doesn't come off. I drive all the time just to V nails just because it's worth the drive. I have got my eyebrow wax and like I said they're just do wonderful job with everything. I recommend this place 100%.. I had an overall great experience with Scott installing my RO system. 

Very reasonable quote that was actually what I paid, no hidden fees or up selling other services. He was running late the day of my appointment, but called me ahead of time to give a heads up of when he'd be by. I completely agree that Scott is very nice, professional, and conscientious with his work. Within a couple of hours, he put in my RO, and even fixed a broke garbage disposal pipe and looked at a misbehaving toilet while he was here. He cleaned up everything, and besides the new RO faucet I could barely tell he was in my kitchen. 

Will definitely call again if I need more work done. Highly recommended!. During this annual event in Las Vegas one will see more Wrangler Jeans than ever imaginable.  Yee Haw!  

Now that I have that out of the way.....this event encompasses a week and a half and is completely filled with events, parties, rodeo stars, country music, etc.   You may not like 'country' when you arrive, but I guarantee you will by the end of your stay.   

The tone of the whole city is better, dare I say happier, and I believe it is all because of the rodeo participants and fans.  There is no pretense around rodeo peeps, just an underlying politeness that follows them no matter what situation.   Now this does not mean they are not a hoot and not a ton of fun.  Quite the opposite.   My sister and I had such a great time being around all 'the hats' as we called them.   

I highly recommend attending the rodeo in person.  It lasts about 2 hours each night.  There are shuttle buses at various casinos taking fans to and from the rodeo arena and the rides are free.  The Cowboy Christmas Marketplaces (I believe there are three) are filled with vendors selling boots, hats, handmade jewelry, ranch furniture, hand-tooled leather goods and even horse trailers.  This year there was country music at the Mirage, also free, and watching everyone dance to the music was great.  There is just too much to list.   Just go check out Vegas around the first week in December and you will see what I mean.  Now giddy up little dogies.. Another Charlotte favorite is Salsarita's... specifically for the shrimp burrito. I don't know of another fast food/quick food burrito place that offers shrimp. Do you? If so, post a reply and let me know asap! Although the line was crazy long and slow... granted it was a weekday around lunchtime, the food was good and inexpensive. I'm a Chipotle girl all day but again... for a shrimp burrito... two thumbs up for Salsarita's.. its was ok, not the best in town! hot and sour soup was great! would not order the pad thai again. but it was better than pizza! lol. Tonight I give them 5 stars.  

I walked in and the staff noticed that I wasn't feeling so well.  They rushed to clean off a table to seat us.  They suggested having soup.  Offered tea or hot water since they heard that I was congested.

The place was packed (8pm on a Friday night), but I still felt like everyone was attentive.  Not just to our table, but to everyone else.

The courses were brought out in good time frames as we never had a time where we were waiting.  We had Pad See Ew, Crab Rangoons, and Tom Yung Kung soup. We enjoyed each dish.

Would definitely come back.  :-). James Fox is the bomb, ba, bomb, bomb, bomb!  That's all!. Been searching for a Mexican restaurant since we moved here 8 months ago. We finally found it!
Tried it for lunch.  Great outdoor area. nice
atmosphere, very clean. 
Everyone was very friendly, fast service,
white cheese dip vs yellow...we loved that!
Complimentary chips, salsa & bean dip. 
I ordered the Vegetarian Burrito, it was delish! It was also huge! The tortillas were fresh and homemade.
Hubby ordered the special...both were $8.99ea, so much food, took half of each home. 
Didn't try the margarita's this time (a little early) but sure will next time..soon!!. I do love City Centre Cafe, if anything, for the staff. They're always friendly and know everyone by name. But every time I've deviated from the tuna sandwich on wheat for lunch, I have been disappointed. I think that it's a little more expensive considering what you get. Now that I have found a new place for lunch down the street, I come here less often. But I recently tried their tomato soup and found it quite tasty as well. 

However, I always stop in for breakfast, as Maria makes the best iced mocha I've ever had. And she's super sweet and it's nice to see a friendly face in the morning after battling rush hour traffic. And breakfast is reasonably priced, considering you can get an iced specialty coffee and a bagel for the same price as a grande coffee from Starbucks, and it tastes just as good.. I recently purchased a Groupon for a one time treatment to get rid of mosquitos. It worked!

I must have sweet blood because the moment I walk outside mosquitos get me. I debated whether or not to get my house treated because I have a dog and chickens, but after investigating their spray, it said it is safe. The treatment lasts for approximately 21 days and you don't have to be home for them to come.

Scheduling was fairly easy and they came to my house within a few days...and I'm free to roam my yard without getting eaten alive!. The food here is excellent. We ordered a sausage and beef sandwich and vodka pasta and they both tasted great! The service is fast considering the fact that it was lunch time and busy. It does not have the typical restaurant feel since it is also a grocery and a deli but don't be discouraged. Larger groups are probably hard to sit but if there's just two to three people then there are plenty of spaces for everyone. I will definitely come back again for the food.. I honestly can't say enough good things about Globe and Staci! She's been doing my hair for a little over a year now and everytime it's even prettier than the last! I usually just give her a brief description of what I want and I let her do the rest. LOVE her!. love, love, love. From the moment we got out of our car - the entire staff was amazing. The pool side bar and staff are fantastic, they went way out of their way to make sure we were not sunburned - drinks were perfect. The spa treatments are top shelf and the employees at the spa were kind and warm.. First, I would like to say that I am not AYCE kinda gal.  I just don't eat that much (contrary to what my appearance may say) but in this case I think it was worth it.  We went for lunch so it was a $21 price.  But if you figure most of the rolls I liked cost about $10-$12 anyways, 2 rolls and you are there.  Plus it's your choice of different things from the menu, not just sushi.  But there are rules, and not EVERYTHING on the menu is part of the AYCE.

There is a bit of lag time on getting your food, so don't go running in thinking you are going to be out in 15 minutes.  But do go with the expectation of enjoying the company you went with.  Our server was great and the food was really good.. Pinches Tacos just opened in my office building and I went today! DELISH!!! 
I have visited the location in Container Park but this location is closer to home so I'm super happy about that!!!! 
I had the Pinches Taco combo platter, yummy!!!! I enjoyed the chips, super fresh! I love Pinches Tacos!. What girl actually likes going into an auto parts store? I know I can get lost looking at all of the parts that they have and it just seems so intimidating. It's like the equivalent of a guy going into a baby store maybe? Anyhow, I decided to head straight up to sales associate for help with what I needed. He typed it in the computer and voila! he found what I needed and he got it for me. So easy and uncomplicated...definitely my type of shopping. I'm sure I could have gotten the part for cheaper at some place like Walmart, but that would have taken much longer. Overall it will be my choice for getting random parts needed.. As always, a wonderful meal but with a great new location.. Cheap, delicious, always open, and staff are great and super patient considering the number of drunk bros / douch nozzels they have to deal with. Better selection of drinks than many depanneurs. The spicy chicken, prosciutto and brie, and  cheese steak are highly recommended.. Absolutely Love The Art of Chicken Pizza. And they let us split the pizza to accommodate our different tastes. Portions and topping are generous. Well worth the 26 mile drive. Wow!  The owner and his staff were some of the nicest people. The decor is comfortable and very clean. Could have used soft music instead of Television for entertainment. But that might just be me. Other than that, it was perfect. Thank you.  It was great meeting you. We will be back.. Best avocado rolls in town. Not a pound of rice like other places. Avocados always looking fresh. No browning here. 
I give it four stars because the service is soooooo slow. 
There were only 3 tables besides ours so I couldn't see the reason for the slow speed. 
The food is good enough and prices are reasonable so it's worth it.. I don't even know where to begin! This steakhouse was possibly the best meal I ever had! The sauce they accompanied with the steak was so amazing. I never liked any sauce with my steak but that sauce... whatever it was, it was like MAGIC. 

Filet Mignon: This was so tender and juicy. It literally felt like it was melting in my mouth. 

28 oz Bone in Rib eye: This was so HUGE. It could fill up two people. So if you wanted to save a bit of money, ordering the 28 oz and sharing it with another person would be a good idea. This was a little bit tougher than the filet mignon but it's still soft and very flavorful.

Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes: This was the best mashed potato of my life! I just wanted to go back just for this. Unfortunately you can't order food in the bar area so we were never able to have some of this delicious side.

Mac and cheese: Very cheesy but it also had a soft taste and the cheese they used didn't overwhelm us. It was really delicious.



Negative: Steaks didn't come with sides. The sides were 12-18$ a piece.. It's a restaurant in the academic sense: they serve food, you pay for it, you must have shoes and shirt, but it's just different.  It's set up in the campus YMCA building and is rather casual.  It's a place to grab a good, inexpensive Thai lunch between classes, but it's a destination for former students and Champaign-Urbana residents.. New in town, I had heard nothing but good things about Mama Java's, so since I live half a mile up 36th, I decided to walk down and try it for myself. I walked in and was immediately introduced to a warm, welcoming atmosphere. A very popular place, there were many people, and there was still ample seating. As I approached the counter, I had asked a friendly employee what they would recommend. As soon as she had asked if I liked chocolate, I quickly nodded in confirmation. I didn't have to wait very long for preparation of my soy mocha, which tasted truly outstanding. I highly recommend Mama Java's Coffee House, it's very well worth the price...SO much better than commercially owned coffee houses like Starbucks.. Got the diablo chicken!  Amazing.  Was here for dinner and got a ton of food for less then $10.  Crispy chip appetizer soup and egg roll came and a crab puff with my dinner.  The crab puff had great flavor.  The diablo chicken was spicy but not too spicy.  These guys don't skimp on the food or the flavor.. My review is solely for the nightlife/dancing.  I haven't had any of the food or mixed drinks, just beer and dancing. Living in Cave Creek, Old Town seems way too far away in general and certainly way too expensive of a cab ride away. Going out and dancing to music that isn't country music seems to be limited to either the Blue Martini or here (if I'm wrong, some one please tell me!). Sure the dance floor isn't big and sure not a ton of people get out and dance, but the DJs have always been good enough and I've always had a good time. I'm from California so I like the bar vibe (wannabe beach bar). The parking lot is giant so it's nice to not have an issue with that too.. We were on our way to Las Vegas and read about the The Vulture Mine in Wickenburg, AZ.  We decided to stop by and take a tour of the town.  You better have your batteries charged and enough memory on your camera.  I literally took over 300+ pictures here!  Definately a ghost town with awesome photo ops- buildings, old cars, vintage furniture, etc.  The pricing is very cheap and well worth the visit!. After reading negative reviews of other taxi companies in the Champaign-Urbana area, and good reviews of Wilbur's, I took a gamble and went with Wilbur's. I really needed to be picked up on time so I was nervous after reading so many horror stories on other cab companies. However, the driver pulled up right on time - to the minute - and apologized for not being early. Then I needed to be picked up again later in the day and she was actually early - I came out five to seven minutes early and she was already there. She was very pleasant overall. They only have the one cab so call in advance to schedule your pickup but if they are available they are absolutely the way to go.. I dream about Garbage Salads........
There may be nothing more sublime than sitting down to a dinner under the purple aura that permeates even the bubbles in my glass of champagne. There are ENDLESS wonderful things on the menu however before deciding what to narrow down the choice to, one must take in the brilliant atmosphere. Order ANYTHING on the menu, it will be good. My favorites include, the rock shrimp, the garbage salad, the bolognese pasta, the mac and cheese, the gnocchi, never mind the yummy steaks!!! 
Order to your hearts content from one of many fabulous waiters, however you must, absolutely have to save room for dessert. 
Order the smores...I won't give anything else away  like the ending to the biggest movie of the year....
Enough said, go to N9ne, go often, eat a lot, and think about the next time you make a reservation always...Well done Michael Morton..... We used metro for sightseeing in Montreal.  A weekend pass for three days was only $10 U.S.  The system was pretty easy to figure out and the parking hubs were free.  We felt safe, the stations were clean, and the trains were pretty clean.    Trains ran on average of every three.minutes which I thought was great.. I don't know what everybody's complaining about, I've been here three or four times and have never had an issue whatsoever. If you think it costs too much,  then get the season pass and use it, to make sure your money is well spent and worth the cost. The "dole whip" is what I go to the park for anyway, LOL! I have not yet purchased the food but we sat by someone who got the pizza and it smelled really good. I do agree that they need to have more rafts, because it seems that I have to wait a long time for a single raft when I go into the lazy river. But still, nothing to complain about. Bottom line, go in with a positive attitude and you will have a good time.. Stayed at the Hard Rock last weekend, and had a blast! Then again, how can you NOT when you're in Las Vegas? 

However, I don't think I'd stay here again, simply because I'd rather be on the Strip. Not that it's FAR, it just felt a little isolated. Maybe it was the weekend we were there, but it felt like it didn't have the same kind of energy as the other casinos we stopped in. 

Other things to note:
- $7ish cab to the Strip - not bad
- $9ish cab to/from the airport
- Beds in the HRH Tower Suites, as other reviewers have mentioned, are FREAKING AMAZING
- Bathroom is also amazing. HUGE shower, HUGE tub. You know, if you're dirty.
- No full-length mirror though? Booooo. 
- Lots of tattooed men. If you're into that sort of thing. (Guilty.)
- Best music selection of all the casinos.

VIVAAAAA LAS VEGAS!. Simply the best! I was there for the yelp event but could have spent the night I just couldnt get enough.

There is so much to explore and learn! I enjoyed laying on the bed of nails, and moving the ball with my mind. I have recommened this for people that live here and people from out of town on vacation.

Staff is incredably fun and happy to help and assist you.

I just cant say enough but , Ill simply say GO!!.. thats all I feel I can say wthout rambing about how amazing this place is.. Love the Missoni men in their Missoni kilts. Great room, very hip.  Loved it.. My family is  Iraqi and the food is just like cooking at home. It is so good and great for large groups! 
The meat and chicken are always fresh.. I love this gym! They have alot of the new  cardio equipments! The facility are nice and clean!. Erika and Ginger are the best. Not only are they so sweet, they make you feel so comfortable, (because you're pretty much naked and awkward). Today I went for my third spray tan with Botanical Tans and Ginger sprayed me. Later in the afternoon I realized I was an idiot and didn't loosen my bra straps enough so I had lines on my fresh spray. I called Ginger to see if she could touch me up, and without hesitation she said yes. I came in and she perfected it, and she didn't charge me. THAT is great customer service. This place is awesome. If you need a perfect spray-go see these wonderful girls. I already can't wait to go back.

Sarah Hudak. I love Greek Food! So when I found out we were catering in for a work meeting I was excited to try something new. 

It was a little difficult navigating the menu that we had, post card sized, and didn't list all the options and had some options listed that were not available any longer. Not to worry though, the manger was very helpful in breaking it all down. 

We ordered a lot of food, pretty much min one of everything and doubled up on a few others. We had lamb, and chicken and falafel, and 6 kinds of hummus, and sauces galore. They delivered right on time, helped me get everything set up, they provided all the utensils and plates, and were very nice. Everything tasted super fresh and I am pretty sure we ate happily for at least two days. 

I have yet to stop in to the location for a single meal, but next time I am in the area I will surely try. Highly recommend for your office event.. My tires were well overdue for replacement, with bald tread and cracks on the sidewalls. Put $250 down on a full set of four tires and had the remaining $522.65 financed with their CarCareONE credit card. As long as I pay the entire balance off within 6 months, the charge won't incur any interest, so yay for credit building! My purchase also qualified for a $30 mail-in rebate based on the brand of tires I bought and a $50 mail-in rebate for using the CarCareONE credit card to finance my purchase. Tires were installed and I was out the door in less than 45 minutes. Also purchased the Certificate for Refund, Repair or Replacement with my tires, so I won't have to worry about them for a long time. Very satisfied with my experience, and intend to purchase from Discount Tire again in the future =). SO glad my friend Shirley B. found this place and recommended it! I've had several bad experiences at various Henderson nail salons in the past few months and had all but given up hope at finding a place that was clean, courteous, provided a relaxing spa experience and actually gave a good pedicure.

My Mom and I were welcomed upon arrival (I'd called earlier to make appointments) and were shown a huge display of colors to chose from. We were offered coffee or bottled water which was a really nice touch lacking in most other nail salons. We splurged for the Deluxe Pedicure which is to say paid the $10 upgrade from the regular $25 pedicure - very affordable! The Deluxe pedicure included a leg mask and hot oil massage.

The pedicure was outstanding. I wish I'd gotten the nail tech's name, but she really took her time working on my disgusting feet. I'm a runner and it's been since early fall since I had a professional pedicure so she really had her work cut out for her!

My Mom had a fabulous time too, especially compared to the last nail salon that cut her cuticle so deeply it bled for a good 10 minutes. 

The owner made sure to check in with us during the pedicure and at the end. They also have punch cards so after spending so much there you'll earn a $25 credit!

I can't wait to go back and also get a gel manicure with the beautiful designs I've seen in other Yelpers photos! 

I've found my new nail salon! Thanks, Nail Zone!. i just went to Cousins Subs for the first time this evening and wow!  They are really good!  i ordered a veggie sub with the garlic herb bread and it was fantastic.  The veggies were crispy and the bread was perfect.  The ladies behind the counter were really nice as well.  I'll definitely go back.. This review is purely on the salad bar. I don't shop here on a regular basis.

The salad bar is awesome. It can get a bit pricey but in an area that's filled with strip malls and a lot of commercial restaurants, this is a great refreshing, HEALTHY lunch to fall back on. They have a ton of great choices for your salad and I am one of those people that the more on my salad, the better.

I didn't like their roasted chicken at all. I found it bland and at times dry so I ended up picking that out of the salad but eating everything else and being happy with it. The salad cost me $10 and was really big and stuffed the the brim - literally - I couldn't even close my lid when I went to pay.

I will definitely be returning just for the salad bar and keeping my regular shopping elsewhere.. Amazing food and drink specials! The burgers are my personal favorite. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu. Awesome service.. This is pretty much standard diner fare  for the food - good portions for your buck. Don't miss the pancakes for breakfast - they beat the pants off Perkins for sure. Get over the JUKEBOXES - there's too much noise in this joint to hear each and every one anyways. 
Burgers and desserts are great as well. Its pretty apparent much of everything else is out of a container or box. Not much of anything is from scratch that I can tell.. Fast Frame does the MOST AWESOME work in town! I wouldn't let anyone else do my frames!

I gave Lisa a very special poster - one  I inherited from my mother and that meant a lot to her - and she coordinated the frame and matting so it's just.... there are just no words to describe how gorgeous it came out!

Over the years, Lisa has framed everything from my kids' school photos to that precious poster to two VERY fragile and precious paintings a friend brought with him from New Zealand. 

The price has always been MORE than fair, and every discount coupon I've brought in has been honored exactly as it should have been.

If it's special, precious, and/or irreplaceable, I wouldn't trust ANYONE but Fast Frame to touch it!. Who doesn't like a good burger? iBurger delivers a good gourmet burger with a cool atmosphere.

On a recent trip to Montreal, I stopped in here for lunch on a Monday. The place was quiet, with a few tables filled, but not empty. The friendly (and cute) waiter sat us by the window and explained how the touch-screen menu works. It was definitely cool - the menu took up almost the entire size of the table between us, with photographs, descriptions, and a touch ordering system. Sure, the pressure sensitivity isn't as good as an iPhone, but it worked well enough to be cool and impressive. It's nice to see touch-screen technology being used in neat ways.

Our food came out quickly. I got the salmon burger, and my sister got the sushi "burger" (not really a burger at all, more like a stack of sushi ingredients!). My salmon burger was delicious. It was a good size, as well - I could finish it if I wanted to be really full, or I could finish almost all of it if I wanted to be comfortable. We both ordered sides of poutine, which was very good. Salty (not unexpected) but with plenty of gravy and cheese.

From the exterior, iBurger looks unassuming, but it has a welcoming interior, with dark colors and brick walls on the sides. I think there was bar seating at the back (we sat at the front, so I didn't take it in very well). Our window seats had a great view for people watching at the lunch hour. 

Looking back, I definitely wish I'd taken a closer look at the preset lunch deals as opposed to ordering a la carte, because the tab came to a lot more than I realized it would.. Finally - a Pittsburgh restaurant with a decent outside patio!  Patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.  In fact, we got seated in the back corner by the fountain, which is not a normal table, but one of those stone garden tables.  Despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.

I thought the pizza was "eh." The dough was a little "doughy' for my taste.  I was significantly more impressed with my pasta dish, which was incredibly delicious, but also incredibly rich, so I had to leave about half of it.  I guess that's what I get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.

In summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.  I didn't find the inside half as exciting.  I'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.. My boyfriend has taken me here five times in the past two months, and it's just amazing! He speaks Spanish, so it's easier for us to order, but they do speak English and their menu is in both languages.
My favorite dish is the mushroom quesadillas- these are deep fried, not toasted, so it looks like an empanada. Every time we come the dish is prepared differently, which isn't a bad thing at all. The first time I got it the cheese was melted, but there was still small chunks of cheesy goodness, and the mushrooms were button mushrooms. The second time they still had button mushrooms, but they put in herbs and onions this time. Last night I got shitake mushrooms! Whhhaat??? It doesn't matter how many times they make it different, it's so good!
My boyfriend always gets the large Loco soup (it's a chicken soup with rice and avocado slices) and a small chicken taco. We brought my mom last night and she tried everything- now she's converted.
The desserts are to die for- we always get flan and fried plantains.They give you a very large slice of flan for about three dollars (try going later, when they are close to closing and they might just give you the rest of the flan they have) and the fried plantains are cooked to perfection, with sweetened condensed milk drizzled over for added sweetness.
The best part is it is SO cheap! Two large Loco soup (I mean LARGE), two mushroom quesadillas, one chicken taco, one flan, and one fried plantains= 25$ before tip.. When I finally decided I was going to book my trip to Montréal, I knew that Chuck Hughes' newest addition, Le Bremner would be on my "To Eat" list.

After his Iron Chef fame where he defeated Bobby Flay with his Lobster Poutine, demand has been through the roof.  Rumours are that his restaurant, Garde Manger was booked out by 3 months!  In hopes of offering more of his yummy food to eager diners and without wanting to disappoint and turn away his customers - Le Bremner was born.

The ambiance is not too different from Garde Manger with its dim lighting and wood-accented furniture.  However, I was able to nab a reservation a week ahead which was a blessing. The servers here are all very knowledgeable about the menu and can make some great recommendations.  I must urge you to try one of their yummy cocktails with housemade syrups.  I opted for the Posemary - which was made with gin, sake, lime syrup, rosemary and grilled pears.  I was deeply and utterly satisfied.  I dare say this was the best cocktail I had ever sampled in my life!

Bread sticks were offered to us, and I felt like picking one up and conducting a symphony when I saw how long they were.  They were buttery and salted.  To start we got oysters on the half shell which hailed from New Brunswick  (Chiasson and Village Bay) oysters tonight. It was accompanied by a supporting cast of regular and cucumber mignonette with fresh horseradish, lemon and Sriracha.  These were one of the freshest oysters I've had in a long time.  We devoured these quickly.

Our second starter was the Lobster Toast au Gratin, which is essentially a Croque Madame with lobster meat in it.  This would be the one dish that stands out in my mind when I recall all the wonderful culinary delights I sampled in Montréal.  The béchamel sauce, the chunks of lobster meat, the buttery toast and the perfectly poached egg was like an epiphany in my mouth.  It was oh so creamy and oh so delicious!  I am dreaming of it right now... If there were only one thing I could change about this dish - it would've been the bread as I found it broke the delicateness of the overall dish.  The bread was a very sturdy bread.  I would've preferred something a little thinner.

For mains I ordered the Halibut which was served with Crispy Pork Rinds and Chantarelles on a bed of Mash.  Le Bremner - how could you, Titan  and ruler of all things seafood, manage to burn my halibut?  It was as shocking and disappointing as learning that Santa was really just some chump in a suit.  So close to being a perfect evening!  I expected the crunchy (from the pork rinds), but not from the sound of biting into an unpleasantly burnt skin.  The flavours, however, were perfect!

I also sampled the Cheese Steak which was topped with arugula and the thinnest fried onions imaginable.  The steak was tender, but I thought there wasn't anything special about it.  I wonder...If I hadn't tasted the wonder that was the Lobster Toast if I would've praised it more?

For dessert we had the Pear Tatin. Anything with the word tatin in it usually means longer prep time, so if you are opting for this, you may want to time it better so that you're not left nursing a glass of water and twiddling your thumbs when dinner is over.

The espresso at Le Bremner was so powerful I was almost thrust out of my chair.  Alas, once the dessert came, it evened out the imbalance of boldness and sweetness :)

The tart tatin came out piping hot, and was topped with ice cream.  A la mode boys and gals is the only way a pie should be eaten!

Verdict:

Being the restaurant that served me up my most memorable dish, I can't say that Le Bremner wasn't good, but is it one of the top 10 places I'd recommend?  I must say no.  The irony that I found out Chuck Hughes lost to Beau McMillan on the Iron Chef: Super Chefs only 2 days prior to my departure was an omen? Some would argue that in his defense, tofu, the secret ingredient of the battle was not Chuck's forte.  My argument - if you are a celebrity chef, I expect you to know how to cook with any ingredient that is presented to you.

Although my most memorable Lobster Toast was consumed here, the tragedy that was the burnt halibut will also remain in my memory.  The Lobster Toast is to Chuck's first win on Iron Chef as the Halibut is to his recent loss on Iron Chef :p. This hospital took really good care of me when i was rushed here a year ago due to a fibroid issue I knew nothing about. I was able to get into ER FAST and they did all types of test on me to where I was getting annoyed but they were trying to help me. They got me a nice room with warm blankets and got me into surgery the same day. One of the nurses stayed in the room with me almost all night after the surgery and made sure I did my exercises. Very pleasant to talk too. Food was great and so was dessert! I would definitely come back here if I needed help.. Dear Beat:  You slapped me silly.  and I liked it, god help me I liked it.

Wandered into the Beat after getting a nice chianti buzz at the Vanguard.  How do you top a great red?  Apparently with a Slap Me Silly.  How in the heck did somebody come up with this? (PBJ w/Bacon AND jalepenos)  Any why didn't I discover it sooner??

The Beat is Las Vegas's answer to every great austin/bay/seattle coffee shop...complete with edgy hipsters (not me) and the yuppies who admire them (me).  Open atmosphere with clear views of Fremont and 5th.  Plenty of table and bar seating...record stacks in the back, bulletin boards supporting local artists and events, and a table w/artsy stuff for sale. 

The Beat seems to be home base for Vegas's artists and creatives. Monday nights are supposed to have open mic/spoken word...I'll be back to check it out... and to try the Croque Monsieur.

They'd get 5 stars, but they're a little short on couches, and the chairs aren't well-suited for 4 hours in front of a laptop.. Friendly staff and good food. Cant complain. Its clean and much more inviting than its prior Diamond China. Though I was a long time customer of DC this is a nice change.. Great new location! Bigger than the other Phoenix locations. As friendly as the others and same fresh delicious food. 

Greek pita with caramelized onions and a side salad is my favorite for lunch or dinner.

The fact that they have wine only endears it to my heart more. 

Keep up the great work Zoe's.. I love this place and the fact that it in walking distance.  They do make mistakes but they fix it in no time for me. The service is great. I'm not a huge Mexican fan but I love their taco salad.  For those of u who think they are in need of real Mexican food. Well here's a hint.  This is arizona not Mexico.. Having lived in Vegas for just 6 months, we are still exploring the non-strip restaurants. This time we hit gold.

A previous review said this was a cookie cutter chain. It maybe. I did not explore their corporate structure but it in no way feels like it. We went to the happy hour and did a couple of appetizers and the Hawaiian Martinis. Tip - if you check into Yelp while you are there you get a FREE Hawaiian Martini!

On Monday's they feature a three course meal for $36.95. Appetizer, main course and desert. You can choose from almost any item on the menu to build your meal. If you are a calamari fan, DO NOT MISS the calamari appetizer. We all had Butter Fish as the main course and it was amazing. My favorite of the desserts was the pineapple upside down cake.

Our server was Dan. We gave him the task of choosing what appetizers and desserts to bring. He was spot on. If I owned a restaurant, I would try and steal him away. He was very attentive and helpful.

This is my new favorite restaurant.. I took a chance on this place based on the name and was so happy that I went. The bartender made me the most delicious basil-lime martini and I also went with it and had the Basil entree at his suggestion.  The atmosphere was cozy yet modern, and the food and drink was what I look for every time I go out to eat.  I wish I could move this place to my town!. Went here two Saturday nights ago. Very busy but that is what drew us in. We had planned on dining at the center across the street, however, due to lack of parking we crossed the street to the center where Hong Kong Garden was. We drove by and saw almost every table was filled and with Asian people (good sign for a Asian restaurant). So we dined here. 

I would probably give it four and a half . The service was abrupt. Which didn't bother me but they were all business. Very matter of fact, quick service quick food but not rude just felt busy.  But they offered us free soup, we didn't have it because we ordered fish maw but it was still nice they offered and we were provided with some free dessert. I still don't know what the dessert was, it was a yellow sweet broth with what seemed to be a chicken base and maybe some sort of root vegetable in it. 

They seemed very authentic as to what the menu offered. Many dishes such as duck tongue etc. We had the eggplant hot pot, the beef was a little too fatty for me but hubby loved it. I guess fat = flavor, however, I still would have preferred it a little leaner. The eggplant was good too, and there was not thick sweet cornstarch coating as in most fast food Chinese places.  Also, we had the BBQ half duck - yum! and a great price I believe we paid around $10. About a quarter of it was too bony though with little to no meat, but that is to be expected for duck. The table next to us had giant clam - it looked very impressive. 

The fish maw was bland but the waitress informed us it is popular, just not our taste. 

Worth a try if you are looking for authentic Hong Kong style cuisine.... Where do I begin?  This place is AMAZING!  I have been many times, and each time I try a new dessert and am always pleased.  They have tsoynami's (think vegan Blizzard), an assortment of vegan/gluten-free pastries, coffee/espresso/non-coffee beverages, and more!  My recent quest to live a life full of plant based foods has landed me here many times, as they offer soy, rice, almond, coconut, and hazelnut milks for my caffeinated bevvy of choice.  They have, by far, the BEST vegan desserts I've tried thus far.  Let me just say, if you're into things like moist chocolate cake, ooey gooey frosted cinnamon rolls, and super delicious doughnuts, this is the place for you.  The staff is always nice and friendly, and they are usually dancing and/or singing, too.  Come on, why wouldn't you go here?!. After suffering for years with acne and unsightly melasma after several pregnancies, my skin looked terrible!  I was VERY self-conscious and hated the way I looked.  I have been going consistently now for the past year and my skin is soooo much better!  I have been seeing Cassie for several different types of peels, and what a difference!  You have to be patient, but after several you will see a difference.  I love that they really don't push treatments that are unnecessary (she explained that due to my melasma laser treatments were too risky because of the heat).  I listened and now my skin looks so much better.  I will defiantly continue to get treatments here to continue working on my skin.  They may be more pricey for some things, but they so have specials and "flash" sales, so I think they are competitively priced.  My next splurge here will be Botox and filler.. Great breakfast just like Mom makes! Buttery eggs, the biscuits are a must and all the staff are very friendly! This is my new favorite breakfast spot and will definitely go back to try the fish fry!. Good burger and fries. Order the single patty with cheese and the works (lettuce tomato grilled onions and of course added bacon.) The fries were hot and fresh and the staff was very friendly.. I stayed here with a bunch of girls for a bachelorette party. It was a lot of fun. The maid were really nice when you asked them for extra towels. The place was clean and the beds were really nice and cushy. The concierge was really helpful in getting us into clubs. 

The restaurant downstairs was a great place to eat. We ate there twice. It's not a crowded place, so you can get seated promptly. Once after we checked in in the morning. The breakfast was great. The server gave us a carafe of coffee so we didn't have to keep asking for refills. 

Then we went there for dinner. When we sat down, we told the waiter that we had 1 hour to eat before we had to leave. So he told us what we can order that he can get out quickly. All the food was really good. One girl still raves about the steak 4 months later... 

Another favorite amenity is the hot tub. It's not a often used place, maybe it was the time of year.. but it was a great place to go soak after a day of shopping. 

Overall, I would stay again. But if you need a taxi, walk to one of the nearby larger hotels and get one there because there aren't many that come by that place. Although at night, there are limos waiting to take you place, a bit pricier, but worth the cost when you have such a large group.. Had first dining experience here last night while we watched Glendale Glitters light up. Very impressed with the food. Especially the deviled eggs and calamari. Very flavorful. Also tried the beef brisket which was also packed with flavor. We were at table up front near window which was perfect to watch festivities. Definitely recommend!. Wow! Love at first bite. I stopped by here for lunch and ordered the Spicy Thai Chicken wrap. I was looking for something that has a nice kick to it, and this wrap had some zing!!I was very impressed and it was the perfect size for lunch. My wrap also came with a side of couscous, which was delicious. The couscous had parm cheese and cilantro that added good flavor! 

I can't wait to come back here and try a smoothie and a salad! They have an endless amount of healthy options. What was great about this place, was after I ate, I didn't feel bloated and overstuffed. As mentioned earlier, it was the perfect size and the healthy options made me feel like I made the best choice for lunch today!. This is a good option if you need a quick breakfast and staying at Bally's or Paris. We walked all along Paris and didn't feel like having a crepe or sweet, buttery pastry. So we found this place and they have very reasonable bagel sandwiches for only $6. They were really good too and a decent size. The bagels are nice and chewy too.. Took my dog here after she was bitten by another dog and had her jaw shattered. From the moment I walked in I was pleased with the staff who were very welcoming/accommodating. The cost was very affordable and a major plus in my book! I have also boarded my dog here and felt very safe doing so. Dr. Evans was awesome! He even had his staff on more than one occasion help me carry items to the car. The place itself is older but you can tell they have a very thriving business its always busy and for good reason.. Arrived for breakfast at 10:15 to see a crowd of people waiting for their tables. Gave my name to the hostess and was advised the wait was a hour. While an hour wait would normally deter me, this place was well worth the wait. I has scrambled eggs verde with chorizo and it was wonderful. The eggs were amazingly light and fluffy and the service was unbelievably quick. Definitely the best breakfast I have had in a very long time.. This place is a perfect mixed of down home and modern west. The breakfast options were your classics with some staff originals. I love there scrambles. The portions are smaller than most breakfast places and their prices a little higher but over all I had a great experience and differently recommend this spot.. Absolutely LOVE this place!! The food is delicious! It is Tapa's Style - which I love! They have a few entree's available now actually. The Brussel Sprouts are THE BEST! The Risotto Cakes are WONDERFUL! They have Happy Hour every day from 5-8PM in the cheese shop. BTW.. Kayla is a GREAT bartender! You do need to order food to enjoy the Happy Hour, which is no biggy because... why wouldn't you want cheese with your wine! Sometimes it's busy at Happy Hour and you have to wait your turn, but it's worth it! Always good conversation with others and the Bartender. 

The only time it was a slightly unpleasant experience was when we decided to try their lunch menu... they place was empty but yet we had to wait an extended period of time for our order to be taken... other than that, this place has always been a very pleasant experience!! We have been here well over 10 times!. We stumbled upon this place when we tried to eat at Cibo, but when they were to full to seat us, we decided to try Local Breeze which is right next door. We opted to eat outdoors because the evening weather was so nice. The ambiance outdoors reminds in a way of Bahama Breeze. The place is fairly big, but has never been so busy that you can't get seated right away. The menu has surplus of good dishes including nice salads. I would recommend this place to anyone who would like to have a mid-size party. I haven't tried brunch or lunch, but so far I would recommend this place.. I was nervous the first time we pulled up to Fajitas, it looks like an old NJ highway diner that someone converted into a Mexican restaurant by adding a few decorative tiles and sombreros.  It looks that way on the inside too but I had faith in the friends that brought me.  Fast forward six months and I've been to fajitas quite a few times.

I'm addicted to their veggie fajitas!  I love the fact that they add zucchini, the veggies are always fresh and a firm with a smoky flavor and the tortillas are outstanding.  As mentioned, the sides of sour cream, cheese, and pico are enormous.  Their queso is delicious and the chips and salsa are always great.  I tried a cheese quesadilla there too, it was tasty but way too big for one person.  

Service is always excellent and the food comes out at light speed which is awesome when you're on your lunch hour.  The lunch specials are cheap too.

It's a very casual spot where you'll see everything from office workers grabbing a bite to regulars pounding mid day shots.  I'll get there for dinner eventually but for now, Fajitas will remain a solid go to spot on my lunch rotation.. I love Tay Ho! This is by far the best place or the only place in montreal that offers Pho Ga, Long ga. No wonder they are always busy everyday! Their service is pretty fast too! The good side is you get to order by yourself. They give you the menu and a piece of paper where you can select what you want. 

Try their pho ga long ga, goi ga! Everything on the menu is delicious. This place never disappoints! Their bubble tea & iced coffee are awesome! 

If you're in the neighbourhood and craving for some pho, tay ho is the place to be! Don't forget, they are closed on tuesdays!. It's been a while since I've stopped in Sunflour Baking Company. They recently changed ownership, spruced up the place, and expanded their hours (they're open on Monday now!) I've always been impressed with the friendly folks working here and their delicious lattes (chai latte - yum!) and pastries (Guinness Stout Cupcake - wow!), and sandwiches (anything made on a cheddar biscuit or croissant!). All of those things have remained impressive with the new team.

My minor gripe is the wait. I don't want to knock them too much since they're making everything fresh when you order, but it's not a place I can count on to get in & out of quickly. So if you've got a few extra minutes in your day, be sure to visit the new & improved Sunflour Bakery.. The wings served here are excellent. They don't have an incredibly large sauce selection, but the quality of the chicken is much better than other wing places. That said, it can be a bit expensive! They have a really fun soda machine, and that's definitely a plus. (I will be a return customer anywhere I can get peach soda for sure.)

They are usually very busy, though. Almost every time I call I have a hard time getting through. I have to call multiple times for someone to pick up, and when someone does, I immediately get put on hold.. I LOVE anything chicken!! I've been a big fan of Chick-Fil-A since i was in high school. I LOVE their waffle fries with Polynesian sauce. This location has a speedy drive-thru with also a play area for little kids. Great place to take the family. Plus there's a Trader Joe's right next door, so moms can make a quick market stop. 

They offer grilled chicken options for those looking to keep lunch on the ''light'' side. 

I'm not from the south, but my guilty pleasure here is the SWEET TEA!!. Délicieux!

Had a great Sunday Brunch on a beautiful summer day in Old Montreal. The location can't be beat as it is right next to the Old Port; great for a stroll after stuffing yourself with eggs benedict. Their homemade (and complementary) orange juice was great, something I would never usually drink.

I would definitely return to sit out on their patio again and watch the horse drawn carriages go down the cobblestone streets.. I briefly checked out Artifice on my most recent First Friday visit. The bar, of course, was poppin'. The bar provided a brief respite from the nighttime heat upon walking in. The bar manages to be dark but not gloomy, hip but not hipster. All the seating areas along the walls were full, so my small group just hung out by the main stage. The acoustics by the stage are probably great for a live band, but bad for conservation. Since Artifice was buzzing, chatter just bounced off the walls and reverberated around the room. Trying to talk in there was pretty difficult. 

Moving closer to the bar, it got a little quieter. Prices were extremely reasonable for a beer. Most drafts were $5 or $6. PBR isn't on the menu, but is offered on tap. Two drafts of PBR came to a measly $6.50. Thanks Artifice!

Worth a Return Visit?
I'm planning on it! I know Artifice regularly puts on events and hosts quite a few concerts.

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #125. I have taken items here on two different occasions and have always received fast and friendly service at a great price. I tried to take a bridesmaid's dress here to get steamed, but was told they don't provide that service. The lady recommended two other cleaners in the area that she knew could help me without me even asking! Great customer service, great prices, and items are done on time. I will continue to use Pierpont for my dry cleaning needs.. Real mexican food in the Pittsburgh area! Ah! I feel in love the minute I saw special agua frescas on the menu. And extra points goes to Smoke for moving into a neighborhood that is trying to revitalize itself. Do yourself, Smoke owners, AND Homestead a favor, try not to be a food snob, and try some amazing tacos!. Voilà une jolie pâtisserie de type française, ou l'on peu se poser prendre un café, thé ou chocolat et déguster une viennoiseries, une pâtisserie, ou un sandwich. Nous avons goûté aux viennoiseries est elles sont délicieuses et authentiques, un vrai plaisir. Le décor est très simple et de très bon goût, parfait pour une boulangerie -café. C'est l'endroit idéal pour prendre un petit déjeuner typique français! 
Les prix sont tout à fait abordable pour la plupart des viennoiseries, mais leur sandwichs(7-9$) et patisseries(7$) semblent un peu chère. Il me tarde tout de même d'y retourner pour goûter leur pâtisseries qui ont l'air plus que délicieuses.. My Sister and Brother-in-law took me to my favorite restaurant Haus Murphy for my birthday and believe me when I say, this place is so much fun! The food is absolutely the best German food in the U.S., seriously, I would have to go to Berlin to get better and I even doubt that.. A little pricey, but their "boutique" style is unique and worth the extra $. 
I hand wash everything from here.. We bought tickets for the Neon & Mob Museum at the same time which gives you a little bit of a discount. Of the two, if you could only go to one, I would tell you go to the Neon Museum! Not only was it awesome to get a taste of Old Vegas, our tour guide was so informative and we learned a lot of really interesting history of Vegas. It's a guided tour, so you can't wander off on your own. But you're free to take pictures and roam around as long as you stay near the group. 

We imagined "The Boneyard" to be in the middle of the desert but in reality, it's about half a mile from Freemont Street. I'm from Detroit, so I'm not afraid of sketchy neighborhood and we thought we could save a couple bucks and walk there, but as it got darker we decided it would be best to grab a taxi. After standing around for a few minutes on a corner, I went into a gas station and asked the clerk to call us a cab. His answer was, "I would call you a cab, but this is a bad area and they won't come get you." He directed us back to a casino a few blocks away and we took a cab from there. Travel Tip: Don't try to walk there after dark.

We went on a night tour (which costs a little more) because we assumed it would look cooler. I was a bit disappointed because most of the neon signs do not work and are lit by spot lights. As a photographer, I think I would have gotten better shots of the signs in the daylight, since most of them were tinted red or blue depending on the spot light. As just a tourist though, it was pretty awesome. My boyfriend loved hearing the mob history and we learned a lot of interesting facts - which was cool later on knowing the history of places as we visited them on our trip.

Bonus Tip: Don't wear sandals. The pathways are gravel and there are traces of glass and other pointy things that you don't want stabbing you in the foot.. Had scheduled a Meetup for Happy Hour with a big group of people. Happy hour is only available in their bar area (too small for big groups) & their patio. Well unfort. found out that day due to the Vegas winds they close their patio so I was stuck having a big group coming & expecting Happy Hour menu prices. Luckly I spoke with the manager, Craig who was so nice to accommodate for my group & I & set us up in their Chef's room with Craig as our waiter. They let us order off of the HH menu. Was so grateful that my plans were not ruined & I wouldn't be disappointing my Meetup groups!! Thank you so much Craig!!! Craig, our waiter was great too! They have great choices for drinks & food on their HH menu. Fried ravioli is so yummy! Along with their shrimp & eggplant dish. I was soooo full due to their reasonable servings! The Rosa Sangria is delicious & light! I have been here before & definitely  will go back & highly recommend  this place!!!  Town Square is such a great location too with lots of shopping to do afterwards & walk off the food!. This place has grown on me.  Delicious Fish and Chips, awesome drink specials, and their Waldorf salad is fantastic.  Service can still be  bit iffy, but overall, I have enjoyed my time spent here.  Worth a try for sure.. After driving by Cafe Bink on numerous occasions and noticing the lovely outdoor patio was packed, we decided to give it a try for dinner with some friends and family.  It was a beautiful day in North Scottsdale so we made reservations for a group of five (they don't take reservations for parties of 4 or less), and thought patio seating would be awesome. When we arrived that evening, the weather was cold, but we were assured that we would be cozy on the patio with the propane heaters, and they provided blankets to boot!  

Our server was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, and helped steer us to the special of the day, a veal tortellini, and numerous other dishes.  We ordered a large order of fries for the table, which came with three sauces.  The fries were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  While I munched on a few with no sauce (they didn't need any), the consensus at the table was that the truffle ketchup was extraordinary.  

I was excited to try the French Onion soup, one of my faves when done properly . . . and it was a good night for soup on the patio!  It was delicious . . . the onions sweet and the broth smooth.  The crouton was just enough to hold up the cheese.  I loved it so much, I could have ordered another for my entree!  Because we couldn't make up our minds, my step-daughter and I shared two different entrees - Bolognese with Creamy Polenta, and the Catfish. The Bolognese was hearty and complemented the smooth texture of the polenta.  The Catfish was perfectly cooked and accompanied by crunchy hush puppies.  

Unfortunately, when food gets cold, it's not pleasant for anyone, and that evening was not the night to be dining al fresco on their patio.  Shortly into the meal, the propane tanks by our table were empty, and there was no replacement. In Cafe Bink's defense, I will say they were gracious and moved us inside when a table freed up, and comped us dessert for our trouble.  Also, we brought home doggie bags of my entrees and heated them up the next night, and even my husband agreed that having it hot made a huge difference!  

We will certainly give Cafe Bink another try, but we will sit inside on the chilly evenings.. My mom and I came in from out of town and found a salon near the hotel. The owners were so warm and welcoming. The place was clean and they did a great job. They were hard working people and managed to do a great gel mani and pedi with only two employees working due to the holidays. I strongly recommend this salon.. Ça fait 3 ans que je voulais y aller, je voyais tjs pleins de monde dedans je me disais ça doit être bon alors !!! 
Ça yest j'y suis allée hier et c'était vraiment vraiment super bon ! Je comprends pourquoi y'a tjs autant de monde
Le service est sympa, les prix vraiment attractifs, le choix très vaste 
C'est top ! Je le conseille vivement. On my Weekend Trip to Las Vegas....May 14-16...I stopped by CPK on saturday afternoon....and BOY O Boy was it a trek to find this spot in the Fashion Show Mall...Phewww!!!!

Good thing the food was so good though. YUMMM!!!
The bread was hot and good...the waitress was perfecto

We had BBQ Pizza, Appetizers, Chicken Alfredo & Drinks


Rather expensive for 3 people at lunch time though. My friend referred me to laser dental. I am glad that I came. The receptionists Ana was nice and informative. The dentist assistant was also gracious and patient. I had a tight work schedule, she was willing to work with work schedule for the dental appointment. The dental office is welcoming and warm. Dr Nguyen was professional and knowledgable about his job. This place is awesome! If you are looking for a general dentist, I will definitely recommend this place!. God I'd give them a 5 if they weren't so ungodly expensive. I'm a student and 2+ dollars for a cup of coffee is just too high. Also why is an iced americano $.50 more than a hot one? $3.30? GAH! I really wish I could afford it but I can't.

Paradiso makes great stuff. Great Americanos, great lattes (even with latte art, woohoo! who knew it existed in Champaign-Urbana?), etc. Their environment is also great. It's absolutely what a coffee house should be, laid back and busting with culture.

I don't know what else to say. They're great, but too expensive. I'm going to go broke if I pay for that everyday! I have to pay for rent and food and things!. We definitely need more 24 hour places in Charlotte, I'm gettin' tired of studying at Amelie's, for real. Nova's is just aiite to study at, mostly because of the coziness of the place. The cashiers are friendly and the location is super convenient for people on this side of the city. Their breads are delicious and the desserts I've tried aren't too shabby either. The prices here are decent and they have several coffee options. 

Yay baked goods!. This place was surprisingly good!  At first my husband and I were hesitant to go there because we were worried that it might just be another chain restaurant with mediocre food.  We stayed in Vegas for 4 days, and this was by far the best meal we had!  I got the penne alla vodka, and it was delicious.  The pasta was comparable to a lot of Italian places we would go to when we lived in NYC.  The prices are very reasonable too.  I highly recommend trying this place.. Open, spacious, comfortable - and the coffee is delicious. I love studying here when I need away from Oakland. It's such a chill vibe, with great coffee.. Prism is the only place I will ever go to to get my CPR renewal ever again.  I took Tom's BLS (basic life saving) course today.  This is a course intended for anyone in the health professions like nurses and emt's.  This is traditionally a 6 to 8 hour long class.  Tom cuts out a lot of the overly dramatized instructional video to help save some time (for that alone I would pay double!) You practice on mannequins designed to light up if you are preforming correctly.  We went over how to preform CPR on adults, children and babies in 1 person and 2 person scenarios as well as how to handle choking incidents.  We also went over using bag masks and AED machines.  The class was 4 hours long, I feel like I learned and practiced everything I needed to know without wasting any time.  
I would also prefer giving my money to a family business rather than a hospital or franchised corporation.  The class was $40, but vary depending on the level of certification you need.  
If you have somehow found this review not looking for a CPR class or are on the fence, I urge you to take the class.  There were times I teared up in class thinking about being in a situation where a loved one needs CPR and having to stand by and watch and hope that the paramedics show up in time.  Its a skill everyone should have!. We purchased a Groupon, this was such a fun way to get off of the strip and see a part of Vegas we would normally miss.  The Red Rocks were beautiful and our guide was funny and informative.
Because of the price I don't think I would have done it without the Groupon, but with the Groupon I think the price is fair.. Four of us came here for drinks on our girls night. The were great tasting! A bit pricey but we knew what we were getting into. Didn't try the food but it looked delicious! I would go back to try the food. Michael was our waiter & he was awesome & made our experience fun.. I had dinner here on one of the first nights they were open when they were serving their tasting menu. The menu was limited but still had lots of interesting plates, many of which made the cut to their regular menu now. 
I'm not a vegetarian but I can appreciate a vegetarian plate that's creative and healthy. There are plenty of dishes like the Portobello salad with roasted pistachios that are veggie and awesome. My mom had a burger and fries served on a cool wooden cutting-board looking plate so the presentation was really cool. 
The dining atmosphere is laid back and you've always got something to focus on with the huge grill right in the center. 
All of the staff we had interaction with was really informative about the menu and its items and were relaxed, which is a good thing in my opinion. 
I urge everyone to give Fire Side a try! I'd bet their menu will surprise most.. I really wanted to come here and decided to grab a bite around 4pm on a Sunday. Brunch was technically over and it wasn't too busy. It didn't stay quiet for long. We were seated at a round table for two people that was in between bigger tables meant for groups. What happened was we felt sandwiched between two bigger groups and didn't like how close we were to everyone else. It definitely got busy for dinner so now I know not to go at that time.

Our waitress was prompt to get water. My friend ordered a berry cobbler with coffee and I got the maple pork belly and bianca pizza, which I knew I would get a to-go box for. The waitress clarified with me that I wanted the pork belly to come out before pizza. I got the pizza first and my friend was approached by a waitress holding an apple pie versus the cobbler. There was some mix up, but everything eventually came out. My friend's cobbler was cold in the middle, burnt on the sides, and tasted gelatin-like in the center as if to say it was sitting out for a while. I did taste it and it wasn't good. She sent it back.

The bianca pizza was unlike anything I've ever had before. It had fig jam, goat cheese, arugula, and black truffle oil. The way it smelled was amazing so I was excited to take a bite. I was definitely pleased with the combination of flavors. My favorite thing about the pizza was the way it was served on a metal pan with some pepper flakes and cheese just on the side in little piles. I added pepper to my pizza and I loved it even more after that. I think this is now my favorite pizza.

Since my pork belly came out after the pizza, I tried it after I had a slice. It had pumpkin polenta, roasted pears, walnuts, and brie. The presentation was appealing. I didn't particularly like how fatty the pork was, but it still carried a great flavor on its own and mixed in with all of the flavors on my plate. Our waitress didn't come back after bringing our plates so my friend had to flag her down for additional coffee and a to-go box for me. While she wasn't rude or anything, I didn't find our waitress to be helpful or attentive. I would still come back to try out other items on any other day but Sunday at 4pm, but I would ask to be seated at a different table.. I like there salad bar here, i wish they had grilled chicken instead of fried chicken tho. They always have nice customer service.. Let's be real, it's hard not to love Houston's! The quality of food and level of service is top notch here, hard to beat. Everyone is treated like a high end client. My real estate team and I love to frequent Houston's, often sitting at the bar. We meet many of our new clients here just by stopping in for lunch! 

Now on to the best part...what to order? EVERYTHING. But my favorite...drum roll please...is the kale salad! I know it doesn't sound as exciting as the prime rib sandwich or freshly caught wild salmon, but just order this and you will see why. The honey mustard peanut sauce is the best I've ever had. Wish I could recreate this at home, but then again I don't because I get too excited to come here and eat it! Thanks Houston's for always making my tummy happy! :). OH MY GOD, This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!. My husband and I found my engagement ring here years ago. After shopping around for months we found a beautiful unique ring like no other, and they made a great deal with my husband. A one of a kind setting with a super sparkly diamond and it fit- perfect! Ok, so we didn't see Corey, Rick, the Old Man, or Chum, but everyone who helped us was very nice. I especially liked their tv show gift section where I got my father a Chum Lee bobble head as funny birthday gift (he was a huge fan and loved it). Locals can cut the wait line outside with an id!. Feeling a little home sick for Hawaii, I decided to dine with my hubby at L & L located at the centennial shopping center. As we walked in, the smells of teri chicken took me back.  They had music in the background , which was Keahiwai singing Push.

Then, the Hawaii themed counter hits ya with all the local fav combos on the menu.  The Korean lady cashier was very friendly and quickly took our order.  

Before we knew it we had our plate dinners.  I ordered the Kalua pork with cabbage and teri beef and my hubby ordered the curry chicken katsu.  For dine-in guests, there is refill drinks.  The combos came with, one scoop rice and mac salad.  The mac salad was in a small plastic container, not like in Hawaii, which is placed next to the rice.

My combo was tasty, but the strips of meat were too big, and the cabbage was not sliced thin enough.  My hubby's combo was tasty too. The curry chicken katsu had a good tang and too spicy.  The portions of food were plenty in both combo plates.  I tried their  and it was kimchee good but the cabbage slices were too big. 

It was nice having familiar food like on the islands.  Overall all, I liked the food and the prices.  I would definitely return to this location for a quick bite.. I like golden river because Karen and the staff are very friendly....I did not have a good experience in the beginning but they seem to stay on top of things as far as all the problems with the rental but it takes a while but it's not there fault it's the warranty companies, I don't like the fact that they have So many different people working there but Karen has a good heart and hires students so they can have extra cash which we know students need they are not perfect and it is kinda unorganized at times but I wouldn't call them slum lords  they worked with me and my credit problems and gave me a chance Karen is a very nice lady. I love this place! 

Man, the Chicken Machaca burrito I had for lunch today was s-c-r-u-m-t-i-o-u-s!! OMG so good... and super filling. 

We go here all the time, especially on the weekends. Their breakfast burrito is amazing.

I really like the decor... it's mod and minimalist, without being over the top. 

Also they have alot of GF (gluten free) menu items, which is a +. And they have their signature lemonade drinks available with Stevia. ++. Iram from Anderson's cleaned my sectional and rugs so they look brand new.  He was very thorough with the cleaning and made sure his work was perfect before leaving.  I would give Anderson's (as represented by Iram) five stars!  I will definitely call them next year.  Thank you for you're hard work.. Before I went to visit Scottsdale for the first time, people told me that I'd be heading into the Marina of Arizona. For those of you who are unfamiliar, the Marina is a young, social neighborhood in San Francisco where recent college grads and polo shirts run amok and where I spent some wonderful years after my own college graduation. 

After visiting the fair city of Scottsdale and especially after my time at the Lodge, I wholeheartedly agree with this comparison, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. And one thing that the Lodge has over the bars in the Marina is a very important thing: the drinks are CHEAP. In fact, the night I went there they were offering 20 oz of any beer on tap for a measly $5. For that kind of steal, I'll deal with baseball caps, polo shirts and low-cut jeans for days!. Delicious food fast! The food was excellent. We didn't have to wait to sit down, and our fresh food arrived within about 5 minutes from the time we ordered it. Service was excellent. No MSG! They use natural sauces! The tamarind candies they give are delightful!!!. Studio Movie Grill is the first class cabin for movie theaters. Buying a reserved seat online is like flying with premium status. I'm never going to a normal movie theater again! So you can buy a reserved seat online for like $2 extra per ticket which means no waiting in line for a seat during the opening weekend and guaranteed good seating. You have to pick up the ticket will call which also has no line because they will service people with reserved tickets before anyone trying to buy a ticket in person. The seats are comfy and you get to order food and drinks!

The popcorn is awesome - full, big kernels covered in normal movie theater butter. Definitely tasted fresher and of a higher quality than most theater popcorn which always seems really stale and the shape of the kernels is big & round instead of the normal popcorn shape. The cheese fries are awesome - excellent seasoned fries covered in nacho cheese & ranch dressing. The fries themselves are really high quality - texture of beer battered fries with seasoning so it's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The seven layer chocolate cake is amazing - thick, moist, and oh so chocolaty. After the movie they give out dinner mints to everyone which is a very nice touch.

I really am never going to a normal movie theater again. Reserved seating and food and drink service is the way to go.. Excellent Thai food. I'm so glad to be back working in the area so that I can easily get Komol in my belly for lunch again. Great Lunch specials!

They have a lot of vegan options that honestly even my meat eating tummy likes. Usually I get the red curry at Thai places, but Dutch recommends the Panang and it is very flavorful. I also like the Thai Beef Salad and Tom Kha soup.
 
A few weeks ago I brought some coworkers here and they loved it. We basically split a bunch of stuff family style, a fresh shrimp appetizer, pineapple fried rice, cashew chicken and garlic shrimp. Everything was perfect. I absolutely love this place. One of the best Thai restaurants in town. Staff is always friendly and Dutch is the best!. This place in fantastic - the customer service is wonderful.  You might pay a little more than big box, but supporting a valuable small business like this is so worth it!  
They have so many great resources - classes, groups and you can rent items (like baby scales for bf babies) - I would highly recommend this place!. I really like this buffet because it's not too pricy and they have a decent selection on food. Came around 2:30 and I thought it wasn't much food until they started bringing out seafood! YES!

I get really hesitated to eat seafood outside of home because I tend to get sick easily but the MGM never made me feel sick eating it. I could tell they handle their food very well, everything seemed to be at the right temperature and clean. Not a huge selection of seafood but they do have smoked salmon, mussels, CRAB LEGS! (Cold AND steamed), and CLEAN shrimps! No dodo in the shrimps like most restaurants. Not a huge fan of their sushi because of the rice. 

They also have meats, pasta, salad, fruits and just a random selection of a little bit of everything.

If you play MyVEGAS SLOTS, you could actually eat for FREE if you claim their rewards. How could anyone pass up on FREE FOOD?! 

MGM buffet is affordable and tasty! I can't forget to mention that the service is EXCELLENT! They refill your waters without you even asking, clean table every time you get up to get a new plate. I love it here.. Chroma Tan spray tanned me, husband and my wedding party for our wedding in November 2013. We all looked stunning and SOO natural. I recently moved and wanted to start spray tanning where I live since the sun isn't out enough for those who would sun bathe and for those who would like to go sunless there arent many mobile spray tanners. I contacted Jen asking if she would train me when I got back in town and be my mentor to get my business started. She sounded just as excited as I was to help me get on the right path to my own spray tanning business. When I met with her to train she had a print out of all information I could take with me since there is alot of information. Her information was easy to understand for someone who is new to the business and terms. She explained everything and even demonstrated and gave examples. I had a few people scheduled to come so she could demonstrate on and then I could practice as she watched. Only one person ended up coming and so she demonstrated without spraying for me and then guided me through as I spray tanned the client. She then offered to let me spray tan her so I could have 2 people to practice on. I was soo excited she trusted me to give her a good tan. Both tans came out amazing!! I got to see pictures the next day which was very exciting to see the results. She encouraged me to contact her any time that I had questions and even told me I WILL run into things I don't know and to make sure I contact her as she is always here to help. She went above and beyond my expectations and I feel very confident with my training that I know I'm on the right path to a great business and happy clients!! :) Thank you Jen at Chroma Tan for EVERYTHING you have done for me!!. The ice cream here--the cones, the sundaes, splits, milkshakes, ice cream soda floats--is good but not extraordinary.  You won't find exotic or trendy flavors here, but the good ol' standbys.  What makes Klavon's a place to visit is its atmosphere.

I feel like I should walk into this place wearing bobby socks and a poodle skirt (my sense of history is flawed, as this is a 1920s ice cream parlor), with some dude in a letterman jacket.  But I felt just as welcome in my Summer 2010 duds.  My friend and I sat on stools right by the counter and enjoyed looking all around as we ate (Chocolate Delight sundae--with chocolate whipped cream!--for me, and an orange soda ice cream float for her).  

Sometimes I feel awkward taking photos inside eateries, but felt comfortable here as I snapped pictures of the old school phone booths (just decorative) and the glass cases filled with relics.  This also seems like a good place to check out if you want some old-timey candy that's otherwise hard to find.. After hanging out at the Chandelier bar my friend Ashley was wanting a soda. Not knowing where to get one at almost 3am, she said to follow her, after going up a couple of escalators and down a narrow hallway the smell of pizza hit me in the face. OMG there is a hidden pizzeria in the hotel!!  Not only does this place have no name, you'll find no signage, and no menu. It's a very no nonsense New York-style pizza counter. To find it, look for the hallway wrapped in vintage records.There was a small line that was forming when we walked up. This place is super small and had limited seats (bar stools and a long counter). You can order a whole pie of just a couple of slices. Minh D decided to indulge in his pizza craving and get a slice which he ended up sharing with me. All i can say is wow this pizza tasted wonderful and full of cheesy goodness!! Ashley ordered a rootbeer (which has unlimited refilled as long as you are eating there). That rootbeer was the best i have had in a long time. Make sure you save your change because they have a classic pinball machine there too!!. Originally from Hawaii, my husband and I have our cravings of local food. We found Island Flavor among other plate lunch places and it has been one of our favorites. The staff is great, always welcoming, and their food is delicious. Very large serving sizes, enough to share. This goes for their desserts as well!. I came here on 2 separate occasions. One was for happy hour, another was for lunch. Both times I had great, attentive service. Drinks were spot on- and the food was more than I could bear.

During meal time, they give you a side of popcorn to start with. This is no regular popcorn either.. It's spiked with some kind of seasoning I can't figure out. Either way, it's an explosion in your mouth and your taste buds will be a little confused.

Burgers are pretty massive. I got the Hen House. (Beef With Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato And Onion With Mustard & Ketchup) no mustard and no onion for me. But wow, the bacon in this burger was some thick cut bacon. And the egg of course made the burger sooo much better. I got a side of sweet potato fries and yea.. I couldn't finish my meal. Ha. My friend and I split a strawberry milkshake as well. Typical American burger meal . It was my last meal in Vegas. It certainly hit the spot and sent me home right. 

The restaurant is inside the beautiful Cosmpolitan right in front of Marquee entry. The ambiance of this place is so cute- almost similar to Toki Doki. I recommend it for a good happy hour and good bar bites.. I know good boba shops, I lived in California practically my whole life so I KNOW good boba/tea. 

Now, usually good boba tea shops are owned by Asians -- not being racist, but they got the flavor profiles and textures down right statistically. I have a feeling this is definitely a local American run company. It's located in the San Tan Mall across Forever 21 near the Harkins Theater.  The design is like a beehive: black and yellow color themed and honey comb designs. The reason for that is because they carry honey boba, which is really delicious. Boba is a chewy tapioca pearl that is offered to be included in the bottom of your drink, among many other toppings (jelly/fruit/poppers). Boba is very hard to control quality wise for a business because you have to cook it just right for the chewiness and let it sit in a honey/sugar syrup BUT not for too long or it'll start to break down.

The menu may be confusing to some, but just ask the girls for suggestions. Go on Facebook ahead to look at their menu. Never tried any of their drink toppings? Ask for a sample.


I've tried a couple of their drinks, and I have a few suggestions. For the blended drinks, try not to add too much ice or it becomes too chunky and not as creamy as a blended drink should feel. For example, the tropical island blended drink: the flavor profile
Was very good: not too sweet, but too much ice killed the drink because it became more of a slush. I waited for the drink to thaw a bit and liquify and it was definitely a lot better with most of the ice out of the way. Thai iced tea for me is a hit or miss: I usually use that drink to tell whether a boba place is legit or not. It was good, the ratio between tea and cream was perfect. My only gripe was I ordered a large size and paid over $5.00 but didn't get it filled to the top. Boba was perfect consistency though.

Customer service was great, there wasn't much to say except that I felt bad for the three girls who were working. It was super busy and I felt they could have used an extra hand or something to not feel as overwhelmed. They were super nice and took the time to say "welcome to fat straw!" Every time someone came in the door. Poor girls were working super hard to get everyone's drinks out in a timely manner while trying to take orders and answer questions. 

The packaging of the drinks is a bit funny. The diameter of the drink cups are as wide as a donut, how am I supposed to put my drinks in the cipher of my car? 

All in all, it's not really a bad boba tea shop. A bit pricey but a good place to chill (free wifi) and have a sip of something cold on a hot summers day.. Last day in AZ, and my friend and I were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading toward the airport.  We randomly walked in to Med Fresh Grill because it seemed healthy and wasn't too crowded.  I had the vegetarian plate which came with hummus, baba ganouj, falafel, tabouleh, dolmas, small salad, and pita bread. Wow, I wish I had discovered this place sooner.  The hummus was one of the best hummus that I've had. Creamy, but not too oily, good flavors. Best item on my plate.  I didn't care for the tabouleh, but I liked the dolmas and baba ganouj.  The hummus though really stands out. 

My friend had the chicken pita wrap combo with fries. When they called our number, they only had the fries and forgot the wrap! The guys apologized, but it was still a little annoying since it wasn't crowded. I'm not sure how long we waited for our food, but it wasn't fast.  On the other hand, everything did taste fresh, so I'd rather wait for quality food. 

Parking can be a pain, but the food was definitely worth it. Great find in Tempe. Get the hummus.. This was another good pho place to go to. It was kind of awkward when we first walked in because the guy kind of just acknowledge us from across the room and told us to just find a seat anywhere. 

I am really in search of a good pho restaurant that will consistently satisfy my taste buds when i am craving it and this place is good. The prices are good and the serving size was good for the price too. There  banh mi was good too. 

Its easy to miss the place if you are not familiar with the area. But its worth a sit down. I say pho saigon 8 is first on my love it list but this place is good too!. Location is pretty, warning, it can get a little loud.  Came for happy hour before a show and service was quick and friendly.  It's from the makers of ZTejas so I was expecting things to taste corporate but was pleasantly surprised.  Have compared notes with others and most agree that the food is solid.  Don't come for authenticity, come for good chips and salsa, a decent margarita and inventive playful flavors.  It's not the cheapest place in town, you are looking at 3.95-4.95 for a smallish taco but the fillings include duck, short rib and quality veggies.   There are pretty stained glass windows to peer out of, the tvs over the bar can be distracting though.. Best Buffet I Ever Tasted I Been To Paris Buffet To Mandalay Bay and more but this one is a Gem in the desert.cant wait to go back and take my husband next time. Why did we wait so long to try this gem?  The food was out of this world.  Try best we've had out in a long time.  The green salsa is divine.  I could drink it.  Our three boys 17, 14, and 10 loved loved loved it.  We tried many empanadas; chicken and veggie, chicken and mushroom, cheeseburger, the two different pork ones, and the jalepeno poppers.  We couldn't pick a favorite. They were all incredible.  We ended with a Nutella/PB empanada with ice cream and a caramel fig.  Both were heavenly.

If you haven't been and are considering it GO!  NOW!. Tried this place out twice during lunch time while at a conference across the street. Had the gyro lunch plate one day...it was yummy! And at $7, it was a bargain. Had the pork souvlaki the next day...it was good, but not great. Meat was a little tough and cut up in big chunks. Fries were nice and crunchy. I would love to try the Meat Lovers Pizza and the Big Fat Greek Burger. Guess that means I'll be back.... Who doesn't like this place? There is no way that this place deserves anything less than 5 stars. Awesome bakery items and the soups and sandwiches are perfecto. I LOVE that this place is open 24 hours a day, not sure exactly why that is, but I don't care or question it. I recently came here with 14 other gals and quickly found out that groups need to be approved by management. We ended up sitting outside the restraurant in the breezeway which was fine with us, but good to know for the future. Awesome place to take friends who are visiting from out of town which is what I'll be doing this coming weekend.. Le concept est vraiment très très cool, des produits locaux, souvent sauvages et presque toujours intéressants. Je suis absolument en amour avec la déco, et l'ambiance est vraiment bien.

J'ai partagé une entrée de wapiti cru avec mon compagnon, qui était absolument délicieuse. Des lichens fritsm shiitakes marinés, et de la bette à carde parsemaient les généreuses bouchées de wapiti. C'était excellent.

Comme plat principal, j'ai pris l'os à moelle à l'érable (goût à peine présent, mais c'était tout de même très bon), accompagné de baies de sureau, de radis noirs et des mêmes bettes à carde présents dans l'entrée. Dommage. Je suis très contente de mon plat, mis à part qu'il y avait peut-être un peu trop d'os à moelle et pas assez de légumes. C'était gras, gras, gras, j'en ai eu mal au coeur toute la nuit. 

Mon compagnon a pris le flanc de cochon qui gagnait la palme en matière de lourdeur (mais dont le goût était quand même assez bon), accompagné de spaetzles (une sorte de minis pâtes) et de rapinis. Bon goût, mais il en était écoeuré assez rapidement.

Le vin était bon, et la carte était très intéressante, avec plusieurs options de vins nature.

Là où ça s'est corsé, c'est lorsque notre serveur, jusque-là très sympathique et aidant, s'est mis à nous ignorer lorsque groupe est arrivé à côté. Heureusement qu'il y avait d'autres serveurs qui passaient régulièrement pour nous débarrasser et remplir nos verres d'eau. Mais le serveur principal n'est jamais venu nous demander comment on avait mangé, si on allait prendre un dessert ou un café (ce qu'on aurait fait). Il est simplement venu tout bêtement nous porter la facture sur la table, après 25 minutes d'attente. Sans même dire merci ou au revoir! J'ai trouvé ça largement moyen... C'est un big no-no quand le service est pas bon!

Je recommanderais quand même ce resto à cause de la carte intéressante et des découvertes que l'on peut y faire, mais je me garde une mini réserve.. Pretty sweet bar! The place is spacious with fun games upstairs and a sweet spot outside for the smokers to enjoy. Staff is awesome!. What can i say? It's In and Out burger..yeah, its bomb!. I found this gem from Yelp. I drove by a few times before I located the door. As other reviewers have stated- there are over 50 different homemade  flavors that go into the snow cones. 

The owner is very nice, and their prices are very reasonable, borderline very cheap.

Great place to bring the family.. This place is great. Fast service, good food, hot coffee. The bagel breakfast sandwiches never disappoint. They have a good combo deal during the week with drink. I like that is a deli too so you can get meat, breads and cream cheese to go if you need it. The place is usually packed and they are very quick to roll orders out.. I'm originally from Cali and verrrry picky about my Mexican food. So when I came to visit my sister she over 2 yrs ago we came to Pepes. And I was like YES!!! My asada burritos ALWAYS HAVE SOOOO MUCH MEAT IN THEM!!! The horchata is pretty good always. Last week my boyfriend order asada tacos and loved them.. Just fabulous in every way.  The decor is amazing, food was fantastic, prices were decent.  Portions are very small.  

They had a brussel sprout and brown butter dish that everyone agreed was the best thing we all ate.

It's a good place to order 5-6 things for 3 people and have everyone share.  You won't be full off one dish.. I read people's complaints about bland food, and I get it.  You ordered a bean burrito.  It's not a big surprise that you think plain refried beans and handmade tortilla are bland, because, well, those are bland foods.  Try ordering their super nachos next time - a take out box filled to the brim with corn chips, Carne Asada Steak (or shredded beef, or chicken, or whatever you want), smothered in cheese, sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo - and add sauces as you choose. You'll find there's more than enough flavor there.
This place is basically a walk up to order, 24-hour mexican food stand, but it also has a drive through, which is nice for hot/lazy/take home days.  It's labeled as cheap, and it is; so you can't go there expecting to get Michelin star service then rail on it on yelp because it sucked.  That's like going to McDonalds and getting pissed off your food and service wasn't at the same level as Gordon Ramsey's Burgr. If you go there knowing it's kind of a hole in the wall, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find the service and food are above par.  
I live about a block away from this place, and I love it.  It's open 24 hours, so it's great for that 3 am drunk food binge. They always always always load you up with sauces, pickled carrots/peppers, and pico de gallo, and they're always friendly.  The food is freshly made, and there's no extra charge for guacamole on your tacos.  
That's a pretty stellar deal if you ask me.  Hands down, my favorite mexican "fast" food place in vegas.. Love love love Buzzberry's iced chais! They're such a treat during those 100+ degree afternoons. I've come here at crazy hours in the morning and late afternoons and I have had nothing but the best service. All the employees are fantastic and greet me with a smile and friendly hello!. This location has the best customer service, the food is always great and the restaurant is always clean!!  They have TV's all around the place, and are pretty accomodating with whatever you want to watch.. I travel a lot and my roller bag zipper broke on the way home. I had a week before my next trip and didn't think there would be any way it could be repaired in time. It was done in less than 48 hours! $12.50 instead of $150 for a new bag.  I was so grateful!. Yeah, it's all that...worth the drive, worth the calories. My advice: stop at one - any increment beyond that will surely not end well. We called ahead to make sure they still had cupcakes. They advised us they were going quickly and offered to reserve some. Boy am I glad we did! When we pulled up about an hour after calling (5ish), they had closed because they were out of cupcakes. However, ours were boxed and ready to go. The red velvet was excellent, perfect cream cheese frosting - not too sweet and no trace of crisco anywhere. (I'm for Team Butter).  Good thing I don't live closer.. Staying at the Phoenician, you're just staring at it constantly, teasing you.  Well, I decided to get at it and parked forever away from the full parking lot.  That extra half-mile was brutal in the heat. At which point I'm like, s&*t, I'm only at the trailhead?!  Lots of boulders, sweating, a fun scramble up the handpole region, and bam!  Top of the mountain, looking around.  At which point, I see my resort, hell I may just see my very room.  But....I have to turn around, drag my ass down the mountain and huff it to the car which is about 500 degrees when I get it in.

Still, totally worth it, and really awesome memory from my Scottsdale trip.. Keepin it simple.

Burgers were great. Absolutely great. And if I rated just on burgers, I'd give this place five stars. But I dont.

I was really bummed they didn't have the cheese ale fries - which I heard was fantastic. Who runs out of cheese at a burger place?!?

Service was odd. They were friendly...however having six different people come up to you every five minutes with your mouth full of burger was slightly excessive. It passed the point of being attentive to the point where it seemed they were rushing us out...even though there were only two other groups of people there. 

Little pet peeve of mine - employees with cellphones will always create a negative experience for me.

Moving on...ketchup bar!

Toasted Marshmallow - disgusting.  It was a cross between vanilla yogurt and icing. Think and runny.

Ragin Cajun - nice with a little kick!

Thai Ketchup - it was good! Maybe could use a bit more spice.

Chipotle Mayo - It's no Copper Blue's,  but it's pretty good.

In conclusion,  I must admit I like this new little burger place. But perhaps I'll do To-Go next time.. Mildly embarrassed to say that I had dreams about this place after eating there the first time.  This is definitely a new favorite!. Went to the soft open and loved the experience! Great portions, excellent atmosphere, knowledgable wait staff, beautiful space! Had the wood fired octopus ( perfectly cooked and seasoned) and the lobster Mac n cheese ( I died and went to heaven)! I'll be back!. my daily :) best coffee in montreal and sweet staff.. This was a great tour.  They offered a 4 hour tour of Hoover Dam, which was perfect for me.   He picked me up at the Hotel and we went to pick up another couple at their hotel and then we were off.  It was so much fun to get individual and personal service.  Much better than those big bus tours.  He was so much fun and gave us so much background on the whole area.  I would highly recommend this tour.  Well worth the money!. This Sprint store is awesome.  I always go here when my mom and I need help. The reps know their stuff. Sometimes there is a wait, but I'd rather wait and get good service.. I love this place. The pool is spectacular! And the drinks are served in ramekins... Could you ask for anything more? I don't think so.. So. Good.

First time ordering Wah Kee take out tonight, and because the menu is so huge I just picked like five random items and to my delight, everything was delicious!!  My favorite by far was the ginger scallion gyoza and wonton lo mein.. delicious house made dumplings, house made noodles (I think?) with a fragrant broth and crisp fresh scallion and cabbage.  Delivery took over an hour, but it was well worth the wait!. Outstanding breakfast, service was prompt and courteous. I highly recommend dining here, and suggest they sell the napkins!. I am a fan of most Latin cuisine, I was eager to try central american foods. When I moved here in 1997 I had seen this place on my way downtown thinking, wow looks kind of shady. About a year later, my husband said it would be worth it to at least try. I was glad he suggested it. We've been coming here for 10+ years now.
The current interior is more of a restaurant than the previous decor which was very eclectic, they had murals painted on the walls, lattice partitions, fishnet hammocks strung up giving it a very "backyard of someones home" feel. A few years ago, the motel attached decided to renovate the exterior, and the owners of Salvadoreno took the opportunity to update their interior, now its tables and chairs, brown tones.
The food has remained consistently delicious. Everything is fresh made. They have a variety of pupusas, filled corn tortilla pattys, from beans and cheese, loroco (native sprout), and the revuelta which is refried beans, cheese, and ground shredded pork (known as chicharron). The Plato Tipico is the Salvadoran typical plate, it combines a mix of the staples, a pice of grilled steak (carne asada), fried sweet plantain, a drier cheese similar to feta, a small lettuce tomato salad, and my favorite, casamiento, which is a rice and bean combo that is cooked together and is so tasty!
Also on the menu are pollo asado, taquitos, carne asada plate, steak encebollado (with onions), seafood cocktails (coctel mariscos) and fresh drinks (aguas frescas) such as horchata (a rice water drink, with the addition of ground pumpkin seeds, ensalada, a chopped fruit punch drink, and various drinks on roatation. A variety of latin beers are also offered.
Please check this place out, its in a bad hood, sure, but the cooking is like someones mom invited you over for dinner The staff is warm and friendly, and if you happen to be there on a night when a soccer game is on, it gets rowdy!. Could have more weekend classes. But so convenient, awesome instructors. It's gorgeous. Awesome concept. Amazing customer service!. Second time going here and even recommended from Verizon wireless! Can't complain about anything! The gentlemen that I seen this time for the second time even let me use his personal phone to make a phone, being that I couldn't use my own! Have yet to be disappointed!. At the recommendation of a friend, I took my 12 year old and myself here for dinner one evening.  Yes, it is inside of a gas station, however they are moving to a sit down location June 4, 2014 at Sossaman and Queen Creek Road.  OMG the BEST burger hands down I have ever had (and burgers are one of my favs so I've had a lot!).  A HUGE double meat and cheese burger with FRESH everything, cooked the way I asked for it (medium rare), and a decent amount of fresh made fries for $6, can't beat that.  My son could only finish 1/2 of his burger it was so huge.  One of the juiciest burgers as well.  Yes, they are messy, they are fattening, it is not diet food, but you won't be disappointed.  Will definitely be back...and back....and back...and back hehe.. The ambiance inside is great!! We decided to sit inside because of traffic. The oysters are amazing!! We also had the crispy calamari also very good. For our entrees we had the trout and crab cakes. The trout is amazing a must have! The actual crab cake is perfect but the sauce paired with the crab cake we did not like. The dessert we had was the 3 layer chocolate cake very rich pairs wells with the gelato!! Service is excellent and very attentive! Overall a must place to go in Arcadia:). If I was stranded on a desert island and had one thing to take, it would be food from this establishment.  It's delicious, FRESH, made to order, delicious and, um, delicious.. We've been looking for landscapers since December. We got quotes from 10+ companies. Ed and his wife Tammy were the most patient and understanding people we came across. He was faithful to his quote that he gave us in December and did an amazing job the following week. His quote was the best we found. No one could match the price. We definitely got a yard worth more then the quote.

We couldn't be happier with what he and his crew accomplished in a day. I know if we have any questions or concerns in the future he would help us instantly. I strongly recommend this company.. I must say that the experience I had was rather opposite then all the other previous negative reviews. My husband told me that Pep boys could in fact do warranty work for my new vehicle that the sales man told me that I had to get it done their at the dealership. I left my vehicle and Jared Grimes called me about 2 hours later and said Ma'am we can get your car done all you have to pay is the deductible of $100.00. I really must say that I would really suggest anyone to use Pep boys at this location for all their warranty needs Thank You Jared Grimes for such great service.. GREAT FIND!!! I was lucky enough to score this place on a groupon and will be back!! Appointment making was easy, and I happened to be in the area 30 min early so I stopped in and they got me in very promptly.  Customer service speaks volumes and it was definitely awesome from the moment I walked in.  The owner asked me at the end if there was anything they could improve upon to which my reply was "no, it was great."  The foot detox (first 30 min) was fun and relaxing - people complain about this?? Laying down for 30 min in a cool room with my feet soaking feels amazing.  Then came the massage which was also great.  The prices are well worth the service.  Peter was fantastic and the owner was wonderful! Thanks! I will be back!!. Probably my favorite spot in this city to get Gluten Free pizza! They also take into account cross-contamination for us Celiac's, which means I can go out to eat without stressing or worrying over whether I will have a migraine with the hour. Anybody out there with similar dietary constraints can appreciate the significance of that. Besides the pizza, though, they have a pretty wide variety of GF dishes, and my non-Celiac friends and family always seem to find a dish they love, (my mom always gets one of their pastas). I go here once every few weeks, typically. Love it!. Last night my boyfriend, my roommate, and I were trying to figure out where to go to get some good sushi since our sushi joint down the street closes at 11pm and it was already 10:30 (no where near enough time for all you can eat sushi!).
   I got on Yelp and looked up some all you can eat sushi restaurants and we finally decided on  Sushi Kaya for it's price of only $25 a person for AYCE sushi, and it doesn't close till 3am! Perfect for our late nights :)
   Located right next to Anime Ramen, once you walk in to the restaurant you see the splendid Japanese/Korean decor, and the atmosphere of the place is just great!  Next to come was the hostess who took us to our seats without us having to wait a few minutes or more, which was awesome because I just got off of work and I was starving. The servers were so sweet and attentive, didn't have any problem getting their attention or asking for their advice. They did a really good job at keeping our drinks filled and checking up on us to see if we needed anything else.
   Now we get to the sushi- DELICIOUS! They offer full rolls, and half rolls, and have soooo many selections to choose from. My favorites were the Lasagna Roll, the Salmon Fashion, and the Sex Bomb. I'm a petite person and can't fit too much into my stomach- but I most definitely plan on going back soon to try more!
   I, along with the bf and the roommate, would recommend this place time and time again. Can't wait for the next visit!. Best wings around! Gotta try their atl dry rub and the garlic parmesan.  Oh yeah and make sure to try the biscuits. They are like Indian fry bread with powdered sugar and honey. Soo good!!. We had a deep dish pizza, breadsticks and cinnamon sticks and instantly fell in love with this place!  The breadsticks are phenomenal!  Great flavor and some awesome dipping sauce to go with em.  
The pizza was excellent- prefect crust to toppings ratio.  We'll definitely be back!!. I have been a few times with my children, each separately. My 2 year old toddler enjoyed it as did my 8 year old daughter. There is enough variety of toys, play structure, and food that it is definitely a place for all ages to enjoy. 

I really like the food variety, as we have food restrictions in my family and often have to take our own food out to eat. But at the play cafe, we can eat with ease, knowing they have the gluten free options, as well as organic! 

The reason it received a 4 star, instead of 5, is a small concern. The play structure is great, but one side of it at the top is open, where the rock wall is. I don't feel safe with my 2 year old climbing up to that area without a watchful eye and arm nearby. Also, one of the slides is super fast for little ones (we were warned upon entering, to be fair). My 2 year old is adventurous, and he likes to climb up and slide the fast slide. It just doesn't feel 100% safe. However, with appropriate supervision, it feels safer. 

The owners are very friendly. They will engage in conversation and listen to the customer. Definitely a place worth driving to (we live in Southwest LV, but feel it worth the drive!). Every spring the Cathedral runs a Greek Food Festival, for a week or so. Now, I consider myself well-versed in mediterranean foods, at least, the vegetarian ones.  I have eaten spinach pie and stuffed grape leaves all over the place, and I can honestly swear that the food at this festival is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD.  All the food is home-made by the people from the church--seriously, there is an army of little Greek grandmothers who spend months preparing everything.  There are subtleties of flavor in their cooking that I have never tasted anywhere else.  Anything you get there will be delicious, and do NOT forget to hit up the pastry section for dessert.  They are open for lunch (everything is served cafeteria-style) and you can totally do take-out, but in the evenings they have a Greek band perform, with traditional dancing, and they even have a bar with Ouzo and stuff. It's so much fun.  Plus, all the money benefits the Cathedral, which is really beautiful.  There is just no bad thing about this food fest, except that it's only available once a year.. Very good experience! Adonis was there before our scheduled appointment. He was super helpful, extremely polite and he did a phenomenal job! I couldn't have been happier! Thank you!. On a little weekend trip to Vegas, me and my friend wanted to explore the local joints a lot more and heard about Island Sushi Grill.  We happened to go there on a weekend ayce brunch time and ordered alot of rolls and fusion-y items from the menu.   All the rolls were pretty yummy and the spam sliders were addicting!  

Overall a good relaxing local place for japanese food.  Definitely a place to be around to hang with the locals of Las Vegas versus all the random tourists.. Dr. Jones and staff are the best! If you've never had a fun time at an eye doctors appointment, then you're missing out. I have purchased my contacts and eyeglasses with them. Everything was smooth and quick! I will recommend them to anyone I know. They truly are the best! :). Best sushi I've had in Vegas that didn't require going to the strip. The waitstaff are friendly and the food is awesome. Try the spicy pork, fried soft shell crab, combination fried rice as far as non-sushi goes. Sushi is great, different specialty rolls than other places but very good.. Abraham Herrera is a Magician; I think those words say it all. But before I rave about the way he works magic with his nimble fingers, I have to say that he has the most outgoing and gregarious personality I could have ever wished to encounter in my MUA and Hairstylist. He made me laugh and created a relaxed atmosphere all around. Abraham put a great amount of effort to make sure I was 100%.  Everyone who chanced to see my make-up and hair was astonished at how natural he made me look. Pictures came out amazing and very natural. I am shocked and extremely lucky he is still in Phoenix and not traveling all over the world...for he is absolutely FANTABULOUS.. In Las Vegas there is plenty to do that will almost ensure you don't remember a majority of your visit. When I found myself taking some time off the strip, I encountered the National Atomic Testing Museum (NATM). 
I am not much of a History Buff myself, but greatly enjoyed learning a bit more about the testing process of the A Bomb. I think what I found most interesting was, unlike my history books from High School, we covered an almost exclusively scientifically analytic side of the history of the atomic bomb.
While I was there I also got to learn a bit more about the facility itself and until reading some of the more recent reviews, didn't anticipate writing a review of my own. However, I think it is of some merit to mention that while some may find the display of the I Beam to be suggestively offensive, for others...like myself...the ability to go somewhere so close to my own home and be able to touch a piece of history that took place in my time. Well, it made me feel closer to those who we did lose, especially considering how much of the rubble isn't accessible. For me it was even more moving to consider that anyone who may have lost a loved one or close friend that day has a safe place to travel to where they might feel like a piece of that person is still alive. Just my own experience of how that particular display was not offensive at all, context is applied to all parts of these exhibits, but I believe this piece speaks for itself and directly to the people who need it.
Lastly, what I found most interesting is that while this museum is an affiliate of the Smithsonian, they are not a government funded museum. So the price you pay per ticket is necessary to ensure the museum makes a profit which allows them to cover not only the bills but allows them to hold different seminars with live speakers as well as offering an out standing intern program to teens and young adults all over the nation.. It's expensive but worth the money. Don't necessarily like the owner, but the food is great!. While visiting in February we came across Bootleggers as a recommendation from the resort concierge @ Tahiti Village. It was Valentines Day, although we really didn't realize it at the time and typically restaurants are reservations only. Lucky for us we were early and they were more that happy to seat us.  

Read the family history that is printed on the menu and it was interesting. The food was good and the service top notch... The minestrone is worth going back for all n its own. We had been flying all day before we went to eat and I was extremely thirsty and my glass was filled without ever having to ask! Our server was a black gentlemen and he was pleasant, friendly and on top of everything. 

We ended up going back a few days later for lunch with some friends and the food/services was just a good..

It's a little dark inside so hard to read the menus but I was recommend bootleggers!. Absolument fantastique !!!
En tant que grands amoureux de sushis, nous y avons été à peine 1 mois après son ouverture (il avait déjà de très bons commentaires sur yelp). 
La première fois, plus de place. Il faut dire que l'endroit n'est pas bien grand (5-6 tables) et nous n'avions pas réservé... un Vendredi soir.
La deuxième fois, après nous êtres assurés qu'il y avait de la place, nous y voilà ! Très bonne ambiance, musique super sympa, et les serveurs ont la patate et le sourire !!
La carte n'est pas bien longue, mais tout à l'air délicieux. Suivant les conseils sur Yelp, nous avons demandé un menu dégustation (20$ taxes incluses/pers). Avec du thé... un régal ! Thé vert avec des grains de mais soufflés... super ! Le menu comprend 3 services, dont le dernier est une sélection du chef des makis de la carte. Nous avons réellement découvert de supers sushis ! Mais je vous laisse la surprise :)
Le mot de la fin ? Courrez-y !!!!. I LOVE this store.  LOVE it.  I've visited many light stores in the valley including all the stores that start with "H" and multiple stores on Scottsdale Road slightly north of the Kierland area as well as Lowe's and Home Depot.  The quality, range, selection and price are absolutely phenomenal.  In early summer they have a fan sale, 2 for the price of 3.  The price starts right above Home Depot pricing for lights, but the quality is far better than what you can find at the chain stores.  If you are shopping for lights, definitely need to make a stop here.. Hands down.  The best restaurant I have ever been to in Montreal.  Amazing use of fresh ingredients.  Fantastic MENU and the environment/service was impeccable.  A must!. Absolutely delicious! All their snow is made from all natural ingredients. I had the green tea and my boyfriend had the black sesame.. I just recently got a membership about two months ago. Prices are a bit high for what they offer, but the environment is extremely clean and the employees are very friendly and professional.. Service was pretty good. Biscuits are my favorite! Crab legs are amazing.. This place has an amazing diner feel and it's delicious to boot. 
I had the 1/2 belg waffle + eggs and sausage. It was delicious and more than enough food for one person. Definitely coming back for breakfast.. I have been motivated to write a review after I read about an employee.  There is a man who works there that has many tattoos and an eye patch.  He is kind, helpful, and always smiling. My 9 year old son loves seeing him. This man saved his art project from being thrown away, after my son forgot it on a table. He has the coolest tattoo I have ever seen and it blew my son's mind; across his knuckles his tattoo says "READ MORE"!! I just introduced my son to the coolest librarian EVER! 

Not only is this a fantastic library; they have the friendliest staff!! Gone are the days of only little old lady librarians. Today our librarians can be bad ass!!. Read all the reviews and ordered  some as directed.  The shrimp and fried grits were a hit.  A little spice but not overwhelming.  Hamburger good, fries O.K.  Fried cauliflower was exceptional.  Pizza was very good as others have said.  Our service was very good, and it was very busy for a Tuesday night.  We had made reservations on line.  The manager came out and spoke to us, all were friendly.  We will return as we dine out once per week and like to have different experiences.  Two in our party had beer/hard cider and enjoyed those.  Water was plentiful for all.  Atmosphere was fun with many partying at the bar.  Inside or outside dining.  Enjoy!. Very excited yet another PB that opened and super close it's about time they came out this way! Fire roasted tomato soup and some Paradise pasta I devour the stuff!! Dont hate...appreciate! The cookies and bread are good yumgasm's alone. Who wants to come with me next time!?!?!. Such a beautiful restaurant! The service was great and the food came out quickly! I had the zucchini panini which was perfectly toasted and so flavorful! The veggies were nice and thin that when you took a bite it did not squish all out of the sides, hate it when that happens. Perfect and very tasty panini, oh and also served with a side of carrot chick pea salad! That was yummy too. My husband had the Seoul Food bowl, it was good but not exciting. It was just like a brown rice veg sauté with an egg. Probably wouldn't order again. But all of the food we saw coming out looked awesome too. Definitely worth going back. The atmosphere was inviting, clean, and lots of options for vegans and carnivores!. Many of us are aware of the story of Steve Wynn and Le Reve - that it's not a Cirque du Soleil production, but rather a Franco Dragone one which Wynn later bought the rights to so he could make his own little changes.

You can obviously tell when you watch it that it's not a Cirque du Soleil production - from the sense of humor, to the music, to the style of movement. They're all still incredibly talented and incredibly beautiful. It's refreshing, really................ except for the comedy, which is relative.

When I had only seen two of the Cirque type of shows - Le Reve was my ULTIMATE favorite. After seeing the others... I'm ashamed to say, I fell prey to the worst thing one could do with shows like this - adjust their personal standards and allow desensitization. I know of many people who prefer Le Reve to O... and I'm not one of them.

Le Reve is a must-watch and comes third in my list of Cirque & Cirque-like shows in Las Vegas, but if you could only pick two... I stand by Ka and O.

__________________________________________

If I could do it all over again, I'd save the best for last and do it in the following order: 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - Haven't seen Elvis or Believe, but I'd bet they'd go well either before/after Love.. The cold buster shot does wonders! If you can be brave, it will make you feel much better!!!. Quiet, cool place near downtown. The interior looks like a Victorian library and though it's clearly fake, it's well done. Cocktails were solidly good and a good deal better than anything on the strip.  It was hard to find as there is no sign out front and the entrance is on a side street.. This RA is an ASU staple. Been coming here since I was a freshman back in 2003. Hasn't changed too much! Great happy hour. The cripsy rice spicy tuna roll is awesome! Definitely get that. I really enjoyed my mango martini as well. They are a little (soy) saucy here with the yellowtail and albacore nigiri, but didn't bother me too much. I especially love the quick service here. Cheers!. "I really want a rooty tooty fresh and fruity... But I'll settle for this delicious healthy Greek scramble!. *Location has moved to the other side of the parking lot.

So I'm a little sad that after Adam sold the business it's no longer a tattoo shop.

My boyfriend loves the hair product from this place. The voo doo brew pomade gives his hair the flawless style he likes, and I love the way it smells. 

There is a wait list for a cut (like a week) but again, great prices and the stylist are awesome.. I haven't had much exposure to Korean food and I've always wanted to delve more into it past the Korean BBQ, Bibimbap, and Jajangmyeon, so I figured Kitchen Gangnam would be a good place to go to try and expose my pallet to other Korean dishes. It would probably help if I went with a Korean friend though.

I tried one of their "beauty menus" for dinner as the chef had recommended it. It was like a lettuce wrap you created yourself - a spread of various leafy vegetables, seaweed, house-made miso paste, boiled pork belly, radish, and rice. It also came with a bowl of Korean Miso soup. It was all very tasty and I've always been a fan of pork belly (who isn't, really?). The soup was a little spicy towards the end (I'm awful when it comes to spicy food though, so it's probably not spicy to normal people), but it was tasteful with bits of squid and tofu.

The decor of the restaurant is really beautiful. It's all very well thought out and executed and I really enjoy restaurants that put effort into the overall aesthetics of the whole business. The pictures that are on display are actually pictures that the owner took himself when out in Korea. The staff are all very friendly and attentive.. Absolutely try the nut Baguette (starting on the Wednesday).
All sweet buns are very creative and good to try.

Other hit: Figs and strong cheddar cheese bread is to die for. 
Grad one when walking on the main (Near corner of Laurier and St-Laurent). Ordered the Japanese burrito and the spicy tuna roll. Was not a fan of the spicy tuna only because it had green onions in it and I hate green onions. The tuna was very fresh tasting. Melted in my mouth!. Initially I chose this shop because it was closest in proximity to my house. WOW- did they make a lifetime customer! They were super friendly and took the time to meet with me and answer my questions. I've been back multiple times and will continue to see them (and recommend them) for all my jewelry needs. They are reasonably priced and have excellent customer service. What more could you ask for?. I had lunch here with my family. Enjoyed the Farmers Market Cocktail very much It was pineapple infused vodka. A little early in the day but was well worth it!
We then shared the Chicken Flautas. Very good flavor. I would recommend The BLT with its amazing jalapeño bacon and another favorite was the Jerk Chicken Salad! 
Finish the meal with the Pinapple Carrot Cake with White Chocolate Shavings
 The staff was very pleasant and helpful.. My first trip to Las Vegas with my husband. We came here in 2009 after walking the entire strip. We were exhausted so we came to Cafe Bellagio to have some lunch. It is gorgeous inside, we had a table with a view of the Conservatory. I had a tandoori chicken flatbread sandwich with french fries. It was delicious! I would definintely come here to eat again. The line was pretty long to get in. We waited about 25 minutes but it was definitely worth the wait! 

I have nothing but good memories at the Bellagio!. Coming from someone who really only eats poultry/seafood, I still have to give this place 2 thumbs up.  Went here with the hubby to get him a steak & also because our new dog trainer recommended it to get dog bones.  Amazing selection of meats as well as wine/beer and the staff was very friendly.  And how awesome that they have natural bones/treats for dogs??  We will be coming here again.. CC Nail Bar is by far the best! I have gone to different Salons in the area and this one far surpasses the others. Charlie in particular does beautiful work! I will be getting my nails done here from now on!. Warning if you choose to self park and have a lot of stuff....have a lot of hands. It seriously took us about 15-20 minutes from the time we parked in the self park garage to make our way with all our luggage to the elevators and then find our way to the hotel desk for check-in. We had to go through multiple levels, walk through the entire casino....there was a lot of walking. We had about a 5-10 minute wait to check-in. Staff was friendly, and since she saw that we had brought our own beverages she sent up a refrigerator for our drinks (there is a mini bar fridge in the room but there's no room for your own things in it, and because it's weighted you can't take their items out unless you plan to pay for them). I believe having a refrigerator sent up is normally charged, but since I had told them when booking my reservation that it was my husband's birthday, she gave it to us complimentary. That was nice.

It was another long walk to our hotel room. The place is huge, so be prepared to walk a lot just to get around the resort. Our room was a king deluxe and almost had the feel of a suite. Lots of space, huge window with decent view (not a strip view, but could still see part of the strip, the pools, mountains, etc). We were on the 22nd floor. It looks cool at night when the pools and other hotels are lit up. The room had chairs, mini bar, nice closet/dressing area, and I loved the bathroom. The shower had a jacuzzi in it, which was very nice...typical of a large luxury bathroom you'd get in a suite. Not sure if the regular king rooms are like that, but the king deluxe is worth it for the bathroom you get. The hotel feels very new and modern, but doesn't feel super luxurious overall. I wish it had more of a high class feel, since it's not the cheapest hotel on the strip.

We tried happy hour at Sirio, the Italian place in Aria. It was pretty good and had excellent service. I heard the food at Aria was very good and that seemed to be true. Also tried the fitness center, which was nice, and the pool/hot tub area....too cold to use the pool, but the hot tubs were nice. I was shocked they close at 4pm...they look so nice all lit up in the dark, it would be nice to use them in the evening. We got room service one morning and, though there was a 50 minute wait, it was awesome. They brought in a large round table with full linens, and the breakfast was delicious. It wasn't your typical room service on a tray - they really went all out in that department.

Check-out was quicker than check in, and went smoothly. Everything on our bill was correct, including the correct beverages we had from the mini bar. No issues. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Aria. It was clean, new and modern. The food was good, room service was great, and the location is excellent. My only gripes are that it's so large that you really have to walk around a lot and if you forget something in your room - well, forget it, because it's a trip to go back and get it. I think I may try a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas, but for someone who hasn't been to Aria yet, I'd recommend giving it a try.. Plats chauds et froids en grande variété. Menu santé et maison. Grand choix de salades. J'adopte!
Manque un peu de lumière naturelle si vous la recherchez.  
Terrasse sur le trottoir, mais c'est bruyant sur Rosemont. 
Je recommande chaudement pour les plats chauds.  J'ai pris le saumon et la purée de carotte froide et une salade.  C'était vraiment délicieux.. While the sauce still lingers on my tongue I'll pen my review: soooo satisfying!! I tried the Hawaiian with ground chicken, my son (8 year old) had plain cheese burger and hubbie tried the mac-n-cheese burger. It was all very good and cooked to perfection! Mine was sweet, savory and a slight hint of spice (used the outrageous sauce). Fries are cooked to crisp glorious golden brown (melt in my mouth goodness!) I can't wait to return to try more menu items and Justin (the manager) was friendly and made the experience a 10+! Thank you stufrageous burger, we'll return!. I've been here so many times before for brunch and I never fully enjoyed it to it's extent but that all changed when when I went for dinner this past Monday night!
Maybe it's because I've always been drunk or super hungover so I cant ever really stomach buffet food but I was sober this time and it was soooo gooooooood!!

My boyfriends a Diamond status for Total Rewards so we got to skip the entire line & got seated right away which was definitely a PLUS because the line here is always SUPER long.. like 2+ hours wait long.

In my opinion, buffets are ALWAYS better for dinner than brunch.  I don't want no scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage when I'm at a buffet... I want the GOOD STUFF. and thats exactly what I got when I went ;)

$108 for 2 people for dinner.
$80-$90 for 2 people for brunch on a weekend? that includes unlimited mimosas.
If you're a Total Rewards member, use those points for a free meal! (;

In the mood for some Chinese? Sushi? Pho? Prime rib? Mexican? Seafood? This place has it all! 

I consumed a lot of seafood here--salmon, tuna, & red snapper nigiri, sushi rolls, fresh oysters, crab legs, clams & mussels.  The quality of seafood is always a hit or a miss at buffets in my opinion, but the quality here was well worth the money.  
Oysters were very fresh with no fishy smell/taste, the crab legs had decent amount of meat to them & the nigiri was fresh as well.  

I also finally got to try the juices that come in cute little bottles.   I tried the Guava, Mango & Horchata. Mango was really good and I also liked the Horchata but I found it a bit too sweet for my taste.

Nothing much to complain about here except I would stay away from the hot & sour soup and the prime rib as I found both of them to be extremely salty and unsatisfying.

NOW FOR THE DESSERTS!
Loved:
+Chocolate covered strawberries--the chocolate one was sweet & salty.  
+CREME BRULEE--such perfection.
+Italian Cookie Gelato is probably the best flavor they offer.
+Macarons are soft and sweet. Was not a big fan of the flavors they offer but they were still good.  I mean, what other buffet offers macarons at their dessert bar?!

BASICALLY, if you're in Vegas, got time to kill & super starving. COME HERE.
Truly the best buffet in Vegas, hands down.. The suite was beautiful, but he jets in the spa turned on by themselves every night; waking us up.  Attention to detail is so important, for every guest, and I feel that some of this was lost during our recent trip. The bamboo pool is so much fun.  Some of the bikini clad waitresses are a bit "sassy," but working in the hot sun may cause some grumpiness.  This hotel caters to the young, hip crowd and does an excellent job of it.. Tattie Shaws has fruit spilling out of it into its wee stalls outside the store. Their peppers and tomatoes look so delicious you can't help but wander in!

I'm a big fan of independent greengrocers. Sadly, there aren't many of them about these days, but that is what makes places like Tattie Shaws so special. With a great range of fruit and veg from all across the world, Tattie's supplies look full of flavour and ripe like they've just been picked off a plant. It's very reasonably priced and they also stock a variety of herbs and other such cooking ingredients.

The staff are pretty alert and keen to help if you need anything. But most of all, I was so impressed with the quality of the produce. With the vibrant colours and fresh appearances, Tattie Shaw's stocks both homegrown and international fruit and veg. It's great that they represent local farmers and suppliers, but their more exotic offerings look equally as fresh - they've definitely been shipped in recently.

As it's still the Scottish strawberry season, I'd recommend trying Tattie's for some of Fife's best berries!. This food is fantastic, not one to pass up! We had ribs and pulled pork :) delicious!. Been going to Swish for quite a while - one of my most favorite eating experiences. 


The old Swish on Sahara has different owners.  Not so good (different sauce, poorer meat quality...)  Stick with the Swish that does it right!. I had another excellent experience at this location and decided I would post the details. 
On the recommendation of my hostess I asked her to help me chose between the chicken Parm sandwich or meatball -  ( Amber I think)  was mindful as she said she liked them both a lot but thought that the chicken was lighter and because it was a dinner item It would be lighter. 
She was absolutely correct as this sandwich was a home run, full of flavor and oh so moist! I also had an opportunity to meet and thank Ryan the manager, who has to be grateful for such an energized , polite team! Thanks Ryan your team rocked it!. Crust perfect- thin and crispy. Sauce perfect, not too sweet. Loooove the pizza! My husband had the meat pie calzone and was in heaven. Great place for eat-in or delivery! Wish they were back in northern Virginia!. Looked up some breakfast places in Tempe, surprisingly there are not that many. This little Cafe is so charming you would never think it rest in the industrial park. 

Walked in and immediately greeted by the owner with a huge smile! The menu has a variation of creative dishes as well as common favorites. The owner suggested a white tea with my breakfast sandwich and I was sold. 

The wait was not long at all and the food was served within a few minutes. I had the breakfast sandwich and it was a good helping of food. My friend got an omlete and it looked delicious as well. 

Overall great experience and a great way to start the day!. I would definitely recommend this place i just moved to Vegas  from Fresno and this saloon definitely meets my standards there staff is knowledge in tanning and knows how to get the color and bed your looking for ask for John! He's amazing!!!. I cannot praise Dr. Badyal and his staff at Scottsdale Dental Studio enough! Dr. Badyal was recommended by a family friend four years ago. From the very beginning Dr. Badyal and his staff provided a very professional and caring environment. He has many locations which makes it easy to get an appointment that works around my schedule. I live in northern phoenix and would drive all the way to chandler just to get an appointment with Dr. Badyal. I have gone to Scottsdale Dental Studio for regular cleanings, root canals and to replace my veneers. Dr. Badyal and his staff have made sure to provide me with excellent care. They also took the time to make sure I was completely satisfied with my teeth. I now have the confidence to smile BIG, thanks to the staff at Scottsdale Dental Studio. I recommend this practice to my friends, family and anyone who seeks excellent dental care in a warm, caring and professional environment.. So very goood!  The smoked meat sandwich, medium fat, w/ dill pickle was awesome.  I think the fattiest one would be even better.  The line was not tooo bad, despite the cold and the interesting people you'll see on that street.  

Price-good.
Food-amazing.
Service-great.
Wait-boooo!

...but well worth the wait!. Moonlite Cafe is now non-smoking! Even better!. John is amazing. He has been fixing my card since 1994 he will never steer u wrong or over charge u. He will always have it done when promised. If u are new to Phoenix or looking for a new honest guy John will give u honesty and a fair price everytime. I have probably had him fix my car 25 times at least and everytime he did a fabulous job.. My daughter really likes the pizza here. Overall they have all been great. Once we added mushrooms to a pizza and they were chopped and it was an overwhelming amount. Extremely too many, we ended up scraping it off. Lesson learned, they are generous with their toppings! 

We've had the Philly cheesesteak with French fries and they were both good. Sandwich is extremely greasy, it soaks into the bottom loaf. I've had them less greasy but it expected. 

Cheesecakes were pretty good as well. 

Customer service is great. Everyone is friendly and delivery is usually sooner than quoted.. This place is sooooo good. I'm really picky about my ramen and you can tell they make everything from scratch. The rice and salmon in the salmon bowl  was also seasoned and cooked perfectly. The service is great, the chef even came out and asked how everything was. It's very clean and decorated with cute art. I'll be back.. Exterior house painter with awesome service!  Victor came out for the estimate and was right on time.  He told us that the trim needed painting but the stucco could wait another couple of years.  He did a fantastic job.  He matched the color perfectly.  And you couldn't ask for a nicer guy!  I will definitely look him up when it is time to paint the rest of the exterior!. I ordered a wristlet through Ebay Coach Factory Outlet.  The style arrived wasn't exactly what I wanted.  I had stopped by the outlet store to return it.  The Manager was really helpful and made it very easy for the return.  Unfortunately, they don't reimburse for the shipping charge, which was 1/2 the cost of the waistlet.  Oh well, always can use an extra wristlet.. Our 2 dogs were groomed today and they look amazing!  The groomers here do fast and excellent work and my dogs couldn't have been happier when they were picked up!  We are so happy to find a groomer close by that we can trust with our pups. Thank you....our pack will be back to see you guys soon!  :). I have been waiting for a healthy fast food place in my area for such a long time.  I went here for the first time this morning and ended up going back again for dinner.  They have acai bowls (which no one else in the area has), so I'll probably be back from breakfast.  

OPEN ONE UP IN GRAYHAWK, I love this place!!!. Genet was wonderful! I am a huge wuss, and when I told her it was my first time getting waxed she was very patient with me. Like I said, I'm a humongous wuss and halfway through the "get ready for the pool" deal I had to call it quits. She was very understanding and honest, and gave me a few pointers for the next time I came in for a waxing. Will definitely be returning here! Great atmosphere, wonderful calming music and the tea tree oil that she applied smells fantastic! Love this place, I just wish I could've gotten through the entire waxing.. Rue St catherine is one of Montreal's busiest places all through the year. After a long day all we needed was a good cosy place and , Trattoria Di Mike's, also known as Mike's, was our choice. 
Entering the restaurant, we couldn't but notice the waiters welcoming us with a wide smile and amicable way. Joel, our waiter for the evening showed us to our table and gave us the menu.. few minutes later, he came back and asked for our order... the place was crowded, we thought we were going to wait forever to get our food.. but fortunately, it did not take long... the order was fast, we even had an extra basket of fries for free.
The Salad was not very tasty, the vegetables did not seem fresh, but the rolls were fruity and light, the onion rings were delicious, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
The place was so welcoming that we were not at all in a hurry to leave.  Mike's is well known for its fondant which we highly recommend.
Mikes menu includes a range of pizzas, pasta, sandwiches along with other exclusive italian specialties such as the famous Gondolas, haven't tried but we sure will the next time we go there. 
The christmas songs put us in that joyful mood before christmas. The music was just loud enough that we could still manage to have a conversation with our friends without getting annoyed.. My favorite boba place in Las Vegas! They have a wide variety of drinks (boba, teas, slushes, milk teas), and their Japanese style crepes are the best! The owners are really friendly, and they make the best drinks! I love talking to them when I go. I've been going here since they opened a couple weeks ago, and I am so glad I found them! Definitely recommended!. The creativity and execution of these custom pieces is remarkable.  As craftsmen ourselves, we so appreciate Paul's approach and attention to detail from conception to completion. He can truly design and make anything you could imagine. A true artist that we are so glad to have met and worked with.  Hopefully next he'll be working on an engagement ring for me!! Lol. Shhhh :). Goooooood stuff.  Started off with the lobster bisque.  So creamy, so yummy - and fresh chunks of lobster.  Perfection.  Hubby had the frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese dressing, and an egg on top.  What a delicious combo.

For entrees, I had the braised short ribs and hubby had the rib eye steak. For our sides we chose the asparagus and the mushroom risotto.  My goodness, there was so much food, we couldn't finish it.  Oh we tried, but just couldn't.  My short ribs was about double the portion you would get anywhere else.  The rib eye was huge.  I'm guessing 16oz?  

We hate wasting food, but ultimately we had to throw in the towel.  We didn't have a fridge in our room, and didn't want to carry it on the plane home two days later.  

It was a wonderful meal in a beautiful restaurant.  Really friendly and attentive service.  Excellent food.  What more could you ask for?. When the uni library is not enough and you need some solid background and historical info for your dissertation, the NLS is the place to go.
It's a 'proper' library like you see in the movies.  You leave your stuff in the cloakroom and head to the reading rooms with your pencil and notepad (or a laptop, but I'm old school that way).  It's a great space to do some research.  Silent and the atmosphere is prone to studying. Beautiful building too.  And it's open until 8.30pm during the week.. Love love love!  Atmosphere is awesome, big, open, community feel long high top tables.  Board games to play too.  Beer is really good, large selection to keep everyone happy.  I LOVED the metmosa (got it with Voodoo Love Child).  I just felt at home here, I'll be back... ALOT.. Decided to give Epic a try after driving by it so many times.  I had been going somewhere else that was really close to my house but I just wasn't receiving the results I was looking for with my previous stylist.  It is really important for me to have a  salon close to home and not have to travel too far.  Just making the time to get there is hard enough so it needs to be close and Epic is close enough for me.

I wasn't at all familiar with any of the stylists so I read many reviews.  Breanne's name kept popping up so I thought I'd give her a try.  She is a level 3 stylist which gave me confidence.  Upon meeting Breanne, I showed her what I didn't like in my hair and also showed her a couple pics of some color and style that I like.  I will say, I was kind of nervous not knowing what to expect but she really did achieve the look I was going for.  While the color is much lighter than I have ever gone before, I really like it.  The cut is absolutely fabulous.  I can tell she really knows her stuff.  She is quick too.  Sometimes I am stuck in the salon for hours and she was definitely on the quicker side but I never felt like she skimped on me.  Breanne is somewhat reserved at first but once we got to talking, I felt like we connected.  I also found out she is my neighbor and we have another friend in common.

I will definitely be going back to Breanne and Epic.  I will also be bringing my daughter there next time as well.  I think I found a keeper!. Scrumdiddlyumptious! 

Should I ever find myself on death row, I want a cookie sandwich from Mrs. Fields as my last meal. 

There are the obvious cookies: chocolate chip, milk chocolate chip, chocolate chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, white chocolate macadamia, cinnamon sugar, m&m, peanut butter and more. Everyone has their preference, and mine is plain old chocolate chip.

Mrs. Field's cookies are always freshly baked, moist, warm and chewy. Extra napkins are always in order as you will get gooey chocolate on all your fingers. These are highly addicting and I doubt anyone could only order one.

Then there are nibblers - bite size versions of their famous treats. Scarfing down a bag full of these is pure indulgence.

Decadent brownies to die for: double fudge, frosted fudge (my favorite!) peanut butter, almond, cashew and pecan.

For special occasions (or just for the hell of it) you can pick up a huge cookie cake made out of your fave cookie and decorated with buttercream frosting! They're fresh baked and hand decorated. You can even customize your own cookie. 

I always request a specially made cookie sandwich prepared just me. I get two hot chocolate chip cookies and they pile a sweet, creamy vanilla frosting in the middle. So fattening. So yummy! 

*Things to note: 

Nowhere to sit. This is a get-your-cookie-and- go place. Think Hot Dog on a Stick for cookies.

There's a TCBY attached to it so you can really get your gluttony on and get a scoop or two on your cookies!. mmm mm so good! this place is delicious! the staff that works there isnt so helpful or nice but the ice cream is awesome! i will be back!. Good ole southern cooking. They seriously have grandma I'm the kitchen.  Some of the servers could cheer up a little and be nicer. But over all of you're not much of a cooker and want to feed yourself and your little one a nice, good, hearty home cooked mean, come here.. Moto is pretty high up there in the sushi world for me. I love my sushi so it take a good place to impress me. 

I first went to Moto for their All-You-Can-Eat Saturdays. IN the beginning it wasn't nearly as strict as it is now, but rightfully so they had to implement some rules(Don't be a gluten, no sharing, $0.50 per piece you have leftover that they will box up for you to take home, must eat all the rice as well...). They offer just about any kind of sushi you would want for about $18 per person, or $22 per person if you want Saki with it, still a fab deal! 

My other favorite there is their chicken terriacki bowl, probably the best I have had in a long time. They have a "built your own" style bowl menu, very good, check it out! 

Over all Moto is good, but a once in awhile venture.. This place is fantastic.  It's very authentic and the customer service we experienced was great.  The lady at the register took the time to explain all of the dishes to us.  It is carryout only and our food took about 20 minutes as they said it would.  I would call ahead next time and order.

I had Chhole Tikki, which was a chick pea dish with something like potato pancakes in it.  It was fantastic and tasted like authentic Indian food that friends have made for us.  We also has Samosas and I think they were easily the best in the area.

My husband had a combo with a dal and a curry.  I think it was the Tikka Masala and Five Daal.  It was also very good.

I highly recommend this carryout.  It's much better than any of the Indian restaurants in Charlotte and is also much cheaper.  It's vegetarian, but I didn't really miss meat.  We spent $15 total on an appetizer and two entrees.  

It is hidden away and is in the very back of the 3 rows of buildings on the same street as the Arby's.. Best vet in in the west!!! I've been bringing Loui here since he had his stroke in 2010. Dr. P loves her job and her furry clients and it shows, I had to bring my 4 legged son in today due to leg pain... With in 10 minutes of her being on the floor w/ Loui and examining him, she realized it was a strained back muscle  Loui loves Dr. P and is now a big fan of Evan. They brought him out back for a laser treatment, nails to be done, and a rabies shot, Dr. P came back asking for my phone cause Loui looked too cute in his doogles and I needed a pic of this. 
 It's only been a few hours since his visit but Loui is already walking better and is getting back to his normal playful self!!!  The staff at warm springs is always friendly, helpful,and always wanting to help their furry lil friends.. Talk about big portions.  I couldn't even eat half of my plate.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy.  It was delicious!  If you love coffee you must try the french pressed coffee!! The service was okay, the women was really nice, but we felt a little rushed.  Other than that I would recommended trying this place out for breakfast.. So cute and it fits right in with its vintage, funky neighborhood, being a refurbished gas station and all. They have a small seating area inside and a nice patio as well. The coffee was good and there is a big selection of Harney and Sons teas! 

As for pastries, I tried a homemade poptart. Not as delicious as a true, over processed poptart, but probably a lot better for you, so I'd do it again :). Excellent!  Perfect food, location and menu. BYO wine. Try fish specials, reals, and pasta. Arugula salad excellent.. Greeted with "Buona sera signorina", the sound of accordion background music, and an array of ice cream flavours as I walked through the door of La Favorita, I was instantly cheered out of my lethargic state. Not least because the twinkly-eyed waiter called me "young lady" - this kind of complimentary talk earns anyone an instant tip as far as I'm concerned. This eatery is the kind of classic, traditional Italian experience which has to produce at least a smile from visitors, even if you've had the worst day at work ever/been dumped/dropped your favourite ornament/are a generally grumpy individual.

I opted for the Risotto Imperiale, a tasty, well presented, affair, which came with jumbo, juicy prawns and a langoustine with one claw perched on top of a generous portion of rice and champagne sauce. My very critical fellow diner, definitely a pizza enthusiast, went for the Pizza ai due Salami, which after a few minutes of careful munching he announced was "very good", definitely high praise for him, before continuing to devour the rest of his meal, (only offering me a small slither).

La Favorita has a pretty extensive menu, with all the dishes on offer you would expect from an Italian restaurant, so if you've got a craving for decent pasta and pizza somewhere different, where you're not paying over the odds, take a wander away from the centre of town and get down to Leith Walk.. FANTASTIC SERVICE!  

I have received nothing but quality and excellent service from Jamie at J. I. Plumbing.  He has installed a kitchen sink and faucet for us; bathroom shower cartridges; fixed plugged sewer lines on a Sunday and most recently, fixed a leak in our front yard water supply lines.  And, all of this with one phone call and no more than an hour or two wait until he arrives.  

Thank you Jamie!!. Tired and hungry my husband and I visited this restaurant while staying at the Holiday Inn nearby.  It was a wonderful break from three days of socializing.  Nice ambiance on patio, perfect weather (January) was busy, but well staffed and attentive.  I have trouble swallowing and need water often, they never failed to keep it full.  Enjoyed the filet and risotto and a few drinks too.. Okay, let me start by saying I go to Vegas every few months, and have stayed  at several very nice resorts such as Venetian, Palazzo, Aria, etc. and this by far is my favorite. I booked a studio room and was graciously upgraded to a premium suite by the front desk manager. I was so impressed that the room resembled an apartment, literally. You have a full size fridge with ice/water, a stove top, a microwave, washer/dryer, and 5 tvs, just to name some things. There is a 24 hour starbucks located in the lobby, and you are probably a 5 minute walk to Planet Hollywood if you want to go gamble. I didn't necessarily want to cook while on vacation but I have to admit, I just might when I come back just because I can! Oh and not to mention the blender that you can make your own margaritas in! I honestly can not say enough good things about this hotel, I could go on and on! I had two rooms booked and we stayed on the 55th floor with an amazing view! For the price, trust me, book this hotel!. We came here to meet up with our Vegas peeps who are regulars here. Right when we entered through the door, we were greeted by the staff. We made our way to the bar and ordered the Moscow Mule. It was delicious and came in a cute copper mug. The bartender was attentive. We also ordered meatball marinara, fried portobello mushrooms, and flatbread with grapes and cheese from the happy hour menu; all were delicious. I would come back for drinks, food, and service.. We love Red Robin, though sometimes skip it as it's very family friendly and tends to get loud and filled with kids.  Yesterday husband I stopped by on Sunday night and it wasn't full of screaming kids, so we decided to get our burger fix on!  

Husband and I each got our drink on, him with a Blue Moon beer and me with a strawberry margarita.  We started with a full onion tower which was delicious!  It came with ranch and some other sort of spicier sauce which was awesome!  For burgers I got my usual which I'm ADDICTED to...whiskey river BBQ burger with a garden patty.  

Let me pause to say how wonderful Red Robin is to us non meat eaters!!!  You can pick a garden burger (my fav!) or Boca which is beyond cool.  I love how every burger on the menu can be served with one of these meatless goodies!  

My carnivore husband devoured his bacon cheese burger.  The bonus, bottomless fries!  You can not beat that!  We ate until we couldn't eat anymore.  I can't wait to go back!. I do not know who is cooking here, but what is coming out of that kitchen, is pure magic! I am a foodie. I've been everywhere and every place so I am not easy to impress but I got to admit... I am impressed. I cannot wait to come back, and if i talk too much it may be difficult to get a table next time. So I will just say, it was the most delicious food ever! The mushroom soup was.exquisite. The lemon butter caper grouper was out of this world, and I didnt order the cioppino but i have never seen something so amazing. Chuck full of seefood. My friend LOVED IT! I am really impressed. The service was great by the way. It felt like they were expecting me and i was a vip. Warmly greeted by the owner himself, and what it felt like the wholeteam of waiters, i could not complain.. I love noodles! The Japanese pan noodles are my favorite thing to order, and their Mac and cheese is also very good. It is a nice place to stop if you're in a rush . The service is quick, and they have good treats for dessert.. Sidney knew what would work for me!  I received a great weave from her and my hair looks awesome!. I really dont want to write this review because I dont want people to find out about my little diamond in the rough!...If you're going to Vegas and want to stay somewhere clean, close to the strip and HELLA cheap--choose the Carriage House hotel.

They've recently upgraded their rooms and the decor is so cute now. The monorail is located right behind it and the hotel itself is about a 5-7min walk to the strip(not a big deal AT ALL). If you're thinking this might be like a Motel 6, you're totally wrong. With the new upgrades, It is more like a baby MGM suite.  We always get the one bedroom suite w/ kitchenette and it sleeps about 5-6 ppl comfortably!! Ohhh and they'll deliver groceries, flowers, or alcohol($$$) for you prior to your visit! Check it out!. YES ! This is just what Verdun needed - a perfect little spot for a beer with your friends and a-mazing food. Try the fish tacos, the burger or their fried seafood plate (calamari,shrimps and mussels). And make sure to sit on the cute & cozy terrace ! Oh, and they have TV screens inside to show the sports games, too !. AWESOME CLUB!!!!!!!!!! We got there early to avoid lines, etc. and I'm glad we did b/c we could actually move around and see everything. Once more ppl came, the dance floor (on the second level) became extremely crowded, almost making it too hard to dance. Then you look up and there are girls everywhere shaking it (in cages, on beds, in bathtubs)! I couldn't help but stare! :) There is A LOT of space in Tao. Two levels with plenty of bars to get drinks (from what I remember there were 5???). Prices are decent, what you'd expect from Vegas. There was definitely a plethora of asians (other reviews are accurate), sleezy guys, and the music is exactly what other ppl have reviewed: mix of old and new, but a little too much old in my opinion. One and only compaint (and reason for -1 star): NO ROOM TO SIT ANYWHERE!!!!!! We didn't buy a table or anything (our bad.....), but a girl NEEDS to sit at some point. My feet were dying and swollen at the end of the night. But it was alllllllll worth it. Tao is awesome, you must go once :). Best restaurant in town! Generous portions, reasonable prices, good service, consistently good!. No matter what, it always comes down to customer service. I cannot say enough good things about this store. EVERY time I go in there, EVERY person I interact with delivers absolutely stellar service, and it's completely genuine. They are extremely helpful, knowledgeable and very friendly. Even if I move to the other side of town, this will always be my one stop beauty shop. Without their suggestions, I would have never found products that I am now totally in love with. A few favorites thus far: Boscia for skin care, Cover Fx BB gel applied with a Beauty Blender and Bumble&Bumble Surf Infusion for beach waves. Obsessed! Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who works here. Sephora is great, but this team is the very best!. I had never been to a chiropractor before going to Ahwatukee spine and disc. I was skeptical to say the least. Dr. Christopher and the staff there were efficient, knowledgable and kind. I went for the first time when I hurt my knee in a road bike accident. The care was great and the treatment helped. I also went through my pregnancy for adjustments and messages with the great massage therapists. I think it will be even better when the practice moves to Ray Road and expands to offer more services.. sage fried chicken and waffles.

there is bacon INSIDE the waffles.

heart attack.

i die.. We may have found our new place for happy hour sushi! 

I used to be the "all-you-can-eat" type but i just ended up over stuffing my face and left too bloated each time, so I've gone back to ala carte. 

Our go to place for happy hour used to be Kobe sushi, but we grew tired of their rolls  and ventured off to somewhere new & we are glad we did. 

We tried the 808, da kamikaze, black widow, and miso soup. All were delish! 
All 3 were quite tasty & we left full and satisfied. 

Atmosphere is your typical sushi joint - they have a sitting area near the bar or the dining area.  Not spacious, but not too tight either.  Service was attentive and I liked how they let us know when it was last call for happy hour orders.

We will be back for sure! =). What can I say about these guys and their business. They are fair, fun,, always helpful, reasonable and we  have always taken our  cars to them. Patrick helped my daughter find her first car. They have never over charged or looked for a way to jack up prices. Did I mention how fast they are? Thanks for all the years of wonderful service to our vehicles. We miss you!. Lots of food and beverage breakfast options. Super fast service. A short walk from UPMC MaGee-Women's Hospital.. I had a wonderfully lazy day-drinking lunch on the patio here last Sunday. Just thinking about it has me licking my fingers and smacking my lips  in memory of juicy figs and triple cream brie bruschetta... nom nom nom nom... why can't every day be Sunday afternoon???

Timo's menu is a fantastic blend of shared dishes, flatbreads, and sandwiches, with brunch offerings on Sat/Sun. I can't wait to return and try the lamb chops, mussels ceviche, and foie gras with fig jam. Their wine and beer list? Don't get me started. It is fab-yoo-luss. 

Fans of the former Bomberos will be pleased to see the interior is even snazzier with rich chocolate brown chairs and white leather banquettes- and a wood burning oven! The dog-friendly patio is mostly unchanged and just about perfect. 

Intimate and casual-cool, Timo is an ideal spot for a date, catching up with friends, or enjoying an ale outside with the ol' laptop (they have wi-fi!). Notice 'a great place to bring children' didn't make the list. Just saying:). Everytime I attend a night out at this Irish public house, it is absolutely heaving with crazy, debaucherous people, dancing wildly and sloshing pints over every available surface. Pretty much the kind of thing I like. There's a certain charm to getting stuck to the dance floor because the layer of alcohol beneath your feet is as thick as tar. There are often live bands playing at the weekend as well, which is good craic.  

Everyone that comes here is always up for fun times and there's not a hint of pretentiousness about it, so you can make very little effort with your appearance, and no one will really care. But that could be because they've had too much Guinness and aren't able to distinguish who their friends are, let alone whether some random person has bothered to put mascara on or not.

What haunts me whenever I come here is Dropkick Murphy's previous life as a bar/club called Berties. They were some of the best days of my young life, I mean seriously good days, and I can't help but feel wistful whenever I'm here when I think about the Wednesday nights when all drinks were 50p, and sweat ran down the cave like walls. Happy times. Now the decor has been brightened up, but the stairs down to the toilets are still lethal, so if you've had a few, or you're wearing giant stilettos, creep down carefully, or you could end up in an embarrassing and no doubt painful tumbling situation.. Great price,great service...phenomenal breakfasts and lunches. Large variety of choices.. Great place to watch a game. Friendly service, honest prices on their drinks, and a great place to make friends :). The food is more sophisticated than other buffets, but it comes at a price.  It was about $40 pp on a Sunday evening which didn't come with champagne.  The crab legs were so-so and very salty, and the lamb was dry.  The side dishes were creative though.. $5 Bar bites YES YES YES!  These really aren't just "bites" this is quite a deal that Vivace offers.  From 5 to 7 I think Mon. - Thurs. not really sure though - you can get a huge portion of mussels, calamari, pizza and more.  This place has one of the best outdoor seating areas in town and the service has always been great.  They have a nice wine selection but it's not cheap.  I asked about drink specials but they don't really do that here.  I give them 4 stars just for the $5 bar bites not only tasty but affordable.. I love Wicked Spoon's angry macaroni and cheese!

I like the atmosphere and set up of this buffet. My husband and I did not have to wait too long to get a seat, and the service was always adequate. They have few menu items that we both really enjoy, and then a couple that could use some work (pizza.) When you get their brunch buffet, the food ranges from french toast (YUM) to fish to beef to pasta to Asian fare to fruit to desserts. It's a wide variety, and both times I've been there I've been thrilled with my selections.

Things to try: Angry mac and cheese, macaroons with salty caramel inside, the lava fudge cake, french toast, sweet potatoes with homemade marshmallow, Korean spare ribs, and mashed potatoes. 

Can't wait to go back in a year!. This place is great! Good food, amazing service, Brady and Alex are always on top of their game!! Also other bartenders on the same shift are great!! Always a good time!!. We have been coming to this restaurant for the past nine years and haven't had a bad experience yet. My father and and husband are addicted to the veal gorgonzola and ordered it the other night as usual. They raved about the tenderness of the meat and the richness of the cheese sauce. Unlike these gentlemen, I order something different every time we go. This time is was the gnocci with shrimp and argula---yum! The potato dumplings were sleek, plump, and velvety, peppered with plenty of shrimp in the sauce. I find the freshness of their seafood and the pastas pretty amazing. 

Of course the service tops it all off. Our lovely "mustached" waiter, who had obviously been doing his job well for many years, kept things humming and organized. We received a very warm greeting at the door as well to start things off on the right note as well. We love this place!. Nice, clean rooms.  Comfortable bed.

Spacious, welcoming, relaxing atmosphere.

Yummy cookies and bottled water were a nice touch.

We booked through hotwire, and our "resort fee" was waved.  We had a problem with the wifi, but one simple phone call and our problem was fixed.. My son danny first went  The Joint for leg, foot, ankle and back issues from skateboarding. I like The Joint because the quick and easy service  for relief of back, shoulder and neck problems. I like the concept of a reasonable monthly charge with several visit a month. I have gone to other chiropractic places which were fine, for the same cost for one treatment I get for 4 treatments there. I had the same doctor Dr. Roach every time, he is awesome. Within a month I was feeling better.. I absolutely love this place. Perfect hole in the wall mom and pop shop style pho restaurant (although there is an original location. The food is great, they have really good customer service, and it's refreshing to see the owner work just as hard. He takes our order without writing anything down, interacts with his customers, and even participates with me during wheel of fortune! I keep going back to this place because of the great food and service! So pho-tunate to have a place like this closeby.. Had heard terrible things about The Quad, but took a chance on The LINQ remodel. Booked it at a steal and was very pleased with the room. The pool also had a very fun atmosphere. Biggest complaint would be the walk from the parking structure to the elevators. Exhausting! But for the location and price on a weekday, it can't be beat! Tons of things to do and places to eat really close and a few decent restaurants in the hotel. Also love the frozen Baileys at O'Sheas!. Steak here was wonderful. Both hubby and I had the bone-in rib eye. We had a seat outside and we were able to watch the watershow.  Had excellent service. One if the best steakhouses in Vegas!. Wish I had more money to eat out, because I'd be here all the time.

Boulders has always been impressive when it was on Broadway, so I was thrilled when I figured out the home I bought had a new one right next to it, in walking distance. Not only that, it's beautiful inside and homey in a way the older one on Broadway isn't.

It didn't take long for my financee and I to really fall in love with the place and their gigantic rotating selection of craft beer, so we decided to do our engagement party there. We certainly didn't regret it! They have totally reasonable prices for platters, and assigned us our own waiter for a cash bar and pitchers who was super nice and somehow (must be magic) kept everyone's names and orders straight.

The food is phenomenon for a bar. They have some of the best pizza in the Valley, and I adore their burgers and sweet potato tots. Prices are always super reasonable, so you can get exactly what you want, plus a pint or two (no way you can go to Boulders and not have a pint!). They're beer aficionados and it shows, because our waiters always have suggestions for us based on what we like to drink (I'm a stout/porter person, she's into Hefes and fruit ales).

Plus, they have a loyalty club that is a total bargain. We've already cashed in something like $30 worth of free food coupons, a free pizza coupon for her birthday, and went to a "First 100" loyalty party where they gave away all sorts of free appetizers all night.

I really have no reason to ever want to drink anywhere else. This place is clean, the waitstaff and managers are nice, the prices are reasonable, and the beer and food is awesome.. I just wanted to add... The brunch is fantastic. The french toast and farm scramble were delicious. All of their brunches are about $7-10, but all look like hearty meals. There options are not the run of the mill bacon and eggs. They have put together some very delicious unique dishes. I will definitely be coming back to try different dishes. 

I have also been back several times for lunch and dinner and the food still rocks!. I support establishments that bring culture to this city. I'm thankful we have a place to watch great shows and Broadway musicals without having to leave town. It's located near the Outlet Mall and World Market Center. Parking (garage or surface lot) isn't too difficult if you get there early or do valet. They also have golf carts that can take you from the parking lot to Reynolds Hall.

I've seen several shows here and the most recent ones are "Wicked", "Beauty and the Beast" and "Les Miserables". I'm on their mailing list so I get notifications for pre-sale tickets to shows which is nice and I sure take advantage of this as some shows get sold out quick.

There are five seating sections inside Reynolds Hall: balcony, gallery, dress circle, box tier and orchestra (main floor). I personally prefer either orchestra closest to the stage or box tier. Box tier has more room and drink service. Bubbly is not bad at $12/bottle. There's also a small room before you get to your seat with a mirror, programs, menu and an outlet so you can charge your phone (this is important to me as I like to keep my phone charged at all times). There is no phone reception which is a good thing to avoid interruptions. There is free wifi though. Good acoustics.

There is a bar so you can get alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks before the show. Queues aren't chaotic. The staff members know how to keep it organized and not chaotic to keep the flow of people as smooth as possible.. Wow! We are always looking for  good service and quality food and frijoles definitely has it. food was great! My new favorite!. This weekend we were in Vegas so we hit up Buffalo Wild Wings.  It worked out perfectly because we had planned on taking a trip up to Temecula to taste these highly talked about wings.  Some friends of ours are from the Northeast and say that in college they lived off these suckers.

We went out on Saturday night and so we were killed on Sunday morning.  I didn't feel much like getting off the couch, but we HAD to.  The thought of not going in Vegas and having to drive to Temecula motivated me to go.  When we got there we were sat quickly which was nice considering the state I was in, standing for too long may have caused me to pass out from my headache and weak knees.  I was able to convince my husband to order Medium this time, I was in no condition to deal with the pain from sauce any hotter than that.  Our friend ordered the spicy garlic sauce.  If you haven't been here before, know that there are lots of sauces to choose from for your wings or boneless wings.  I also ordered the fish sandwich and a basket of fries smothered in cheese for the table.  

When the wings came out they didn't look as good as all the others we've tried.  The sauce was very orange and the wings were a bit on the small side.  The taste however made up for the appearance...like that saying "things aren't always as they appear."  The wings were yummy, so good in fact that at the moment we thought that they had surpassed the Moondoggies wings in San Diego.  After eating all the wings, the general consensus was that Moondoggies were better but these are a close second.  Their Blue Cheese dressing was good too, but not as good as the Moondoggies dressing.  The fries were awesome though, the best fries we've had during Wing-tober.  The fish sandwich was just ok, there was a lot of fish and it was fried to crisp perfection.  I think I just needed more tartar sauce.  We also got a basket of mini corn dogs "on the house."  Those were just ok also.  They were super crispy on the outside, but you could hardly taste the hot dog inside, needless to say, we didn't finish the basket.  

The server was very nice and attentive to us, which is always a plus.. Great staff! They know my order. Super friendly and delicious drinks!! I recommend the macchiato. They have a rewards points program, and you can CALL AHEAD YOUR ORDERS!! This is great for when you are running late. Love this place. I haven't been to Starbucks since we moved to the area. Thanks Bold Roost!!. I love to pop in here and check the latest trendy styles.  This store has clothes and shoes for women only.  They have the latest trends in jackets, tops, dresses, skirts as well as basics such as camis and belts.  

The jewerly section has a lot of variety.  It reminds me of Express jewelry section.... some of it is over-priced but most of it is reasonable and fun.  The tops and skirts run 20-80 or so, depends on the item.  The coats are really reasonable and there is always a lot to choose from especially this time of year.  

One thing to note is that they do store credit or exchange for returns.  But they are partnered with Julies so you can go to either store in case you need more selection.  Love it!  :-D. Apparently this is a Vegas must get and is almost a mandatory with every trip (as long as you're 21.  People usually get these alcoholic slushies during the day, but they have pretty long hours.  Located in the Miracle Mile Shops next to Planet Hollywood.  In line, they check your id's first and then you're free to go to another line and order.  You can try as many flavors as you like. I ended up sharing a monster yard with two of my girl friends and it costed about $18 ish?

PEACH BELLINI:  This is what we ended up picking.  It's basically a peach slushy with rum and champagne, but I can't taste the alcohol...so it's perfect LOL!  I would totally get this again!

190 OCTANE:  This was their most popular, so we decided to try it.  OMG it is way too strong.  Had a sip of it and we all definitely could not survive a yard of it even sharing.  Tastes straight up like hard liquor haha. If you're into get buzzed/drunk in the day, this is all for you.  I'll pass on this because I'm all about that g(randma) life hahah!

SIDENOTE: People can mix flavors or add shots for $1 each to their drinks.. This arcade brings me back to junior high memories when all I could do was play the arcade games...

Although this place is no longer as busy, it did have great games.  A great place to leave my nephew and his friend for a few hours while I go to the bar!. I went here this past Saturday and I was so impressed!! They have everything and at great prices. I was able to get a stroller and infant car seat for $60!!! I couldn't believe it. I will be telling everyone about this great little gem.. Give them a shot! Tried them out for the first time and so glad I did! Pizza and garlic knots were amazing. Prices were fair, delivery was early, pizza was huge (14" is a small!) two thumbs up!. Caitlin is an amazing stylist.  She took time to hear what I had to say before jumping in.  I have hair that is going grey, but is brown with blonde highlights.  I am very particular about my hair.  She is the first person in a long time who has made my hair look like it used to when I was younger.  You can see the highlights after the coloring has been done - versus a highly-rated place I used to go to where everything ended up muddled together and you would have thought I did the coloring myself. 

My biggest issue, and reason for knocking this down a star is that they don't take credit card tips and the pricing is high.  It was $200 for color and haircut, which is very high.  To not take credit card tips at this price point is ridiculous.  I was embarrassed that I have to come back with a cash tip for my stylist.. I seriously cannot think of a reason to deduct a star from Texaz. It's about as authentic as you can get without going back in time.  The food is consistent and delicious. I'm a purist so I used to order the chicken fried steak but have since broadened my horizons and have started ordering the chicken fried chicken which is, in my opinion, better. I also really appreciate the fact that they started offering half orders because their regular portion sizes are ginormous (though the leftovers are also delicious). 

This is probably one of my more boring reviews because I don't have anything to snark about with Texaz.  I actually joined their email list just because they seem like nice people and I'd like to hear from them more often.  Their food also cures all hangovers and it is the absolute perfect place to go on Sunday night after a long weekend of liver damage in Vegas (learned this last weekend). Five Stars.. We are from Albuquerque and were on vacation when our car started making sounds and lost power steering. AAA came and the tow driver suggested VI. I am so glad we decided to go with them because everyone there went out of their way to get us back on the road. When they needed to rethread a bolt they called their connections and made it happen--on a Friday at 5pm. Bottom-line: these guys are great. Wish we had them here in Albuquerque!. I drive 25 minutes just to get this chinese food.  All the Chinese places in the Northwest area are horrible.  I know about this place because when I first moved to Vegas, I worked in this area.  Ive had General Tso Chicken, The House Combination Rice, The Chicken Fried Rice, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Beef and Broccoli, Lo Mein and a few other things Im sure but those are our favs!  On the 25 minute drive back home, by the food is still piping hot!  AMAZING PLACE, tons of food and will  never go to another place in Vegas, not that I have in the last 4 years since being disappointed time and time again by the places in our area!. I've had a good first experience at the stand! Their food is all fresh, made to order. I love that. The menu is simple and to the point, with a few extra ingredients like caramelized onions and grilled jalapeño for flair on your burger. I have yet to try the tacos but I will definitely be back to do so. Staff at the stand is friendly, without being fake. My only miss on this place is that there's no cheddar cheese...only American. Give this place a whirl and definitely get the fresh lemonade!. So hubby and I went to Vivace for date night a couple weeks ago. I've driven by the place several times but this was our first visit. We started with some sangria and calamari. Both were delicious! He had the lamb shank and I had the oysters, both with risotto. Both entrees were very well made and quite juicy but I think we both preferred the lam over the scallops. The only downside was our waiter, who we found to be kind of awkward in his interactions with us. It is also kind of loud because of all the groups and we practically had to shout for the waiter to hear us. Overall, a good dining experience. We will likely return.. I loved Top Chef last season especially because it was in Vegas! It's just a great place to showcase celebrity chef food. During Restaurant Wars, the contestants battled it out in this restaurant. Being an advocate for sustainable seafood, I knew I had to try it when I was in town. Tataki Sushi here in SF has the same concept. Hopefully this trend catches on nation wide.

Bf and I wanted to try as many things as possible and since I usually like appetizers more than entrees we decided to go that way. We started out with a small chilled platter: 1/2 Lobster, 6 Oysters, 3 Clams, 3 Shrimp, Mussels and an RM Escabeche. Everything was mouthwateringly fresh. 

I had to try some sushi when I saw the Shot and Roll: Seared Foie Gras Wrapped in a Tempura Roll topped with Uni, accompanied by a sake bomb. There is nothing that I love more than foie gras and uni. This had to be the end all be all! And I didn't care one bit that it was $32. Disappointment soon followed when I saw that it was only four pieces. The foie gras was fine but not mind blowing like at Michael Mina. The uni was small in portion but still good. The idea is amazing but someone needs to take it and run with it. 

Our Moon Doggies Shrimp Corn Dogs with Cole Slaw and Cilantro Mayo were awesome. These are definitely the best "corn dogs" I've had. The best, crisp yet soft exterior were perfect with the savory shrimp on the inside. 

The main dish was a Rainbow Trout Brussels Sprouts, Bacon and Horseradish Cream. YUM YUM YUM! Just get it.

I thought the Red Velvet Whoopie Pies with Coconut Milkshake was a playful dessert though the cake was a bit dry. I did love the milkshake though. It was smooth and flavorful and would have been a very adult milkshake indeed if it were not for the overload of sprinkles. Though we didn't try it, they also had an ice cream tasting test of 16 flavors for dessert. You have to match the scoops with the answers on a card they give you. I love that the desserts are fun here! 

The service was wonderful throughout our whole meal and the food was a delight for the most part. Rick Moonen has done a great job here and I know he can only go up from here. I can't wait to see him compete on Top Chef Masters this season. It starts on Wednesday!. I love Vy's nails! The staff is very kind, but I go to Stephanie every time. She's got great skill and she takes her time. Christy is very nice too. My polish always lasts a long time and the prices are affordable. The place is very nice and clean too. They change out the plastic wraps after each pedicure (which makes me feel more secure). They aren't overly crowded, which is a plus for me!. The rooms are nice, but not as plush as I would expect, but nice nonetheless.  The real stunner in the rooms is the bathroom/shower.  It utilizes an open plan with a nice square sit in spa tub over looking the beautiful skyline of Vegas hotels.  It's the perfect place to relax with champangne and strawberries.. Justin restored my engagement ring, which I was an heirloom when I received it. He did beautiful work for a reasonable price, and did a full appraisal. Justin and his staff are very knowledgeable and will give you honest and accurate information. I have moved away so I don't have the option to do business with them anymore, but I highly recommend Sommers Jewelers, even if you have to make a trip from out of town.. The meet was super good, the buffet was limited. The service was amazing
Would I come here for 60$? No. But I had a restaurant.com gift certificate so I tried it. The let is request additional meat, ask for extras of our favorite, and kept up a lot on our drinks. Based on service it's a five, food a four (because of the limited buffet) and price i would make a three.. There is nothing chic about this place but don't be put off by the truck stop charm.  The service is great thanks to a delightful waitress named Candice.  The pancakes are sooooooo good!  The first time I had the full breakfast (eggs, bacon, hashbrowns & pancakes).  Every time since then I have only ordered pancakes...They are simply too good.  I don't even usually like pancakes...I never order them any where else.  Other nice thing is they let me bring my own small portion of real maple syrup!. Love this place! We typically get our food to go - mostly wings on Sunday. But the wings are delicious - big and juicy! When I went tonight to pick up our order, I noticed that if you dine in, it's BOGO! That's definitely a win for football Sundays, but since mine was to go, it was .75 each. Overall, food is good and service is good.. Alexi's patio is wonderful, and the happy hour appetizers make for great dinners.  One of our go-to places for an early meal.  Also, the staff is super-friendly, and our daughter is always welcome.. I am regular at this location especially on my way home from Uptown.  I like that I can go in, grab what I need, and get out fairly quickly.  The fresh fruits and fresh vegetables are a staple for me.  When watermelon is in season, I find theirs are always tasty and priced just right!  I have become addicted to watermelon because of ALDI.   The cashiers are always pleasant and quick to ring up the groceries.  Just remember, it's easiest if you bring your own bags.  They are good for shopping and carrying your groceries after checking out.. Wonderful food! Tasted fresh and delicious...and great service, clean restaurant. Would surely come back! The fajitas and steak picato were very yuuuuumy. And for dessert the cherry cream filled chimi makes my mouth water still!. Finally!!  A good Mexican restaurant on the Westside.  Don Pancho's is excellent but it's mostly take out with a few tables so we've been waiting for a nice Mexican restaurant for a long time now.  Especially coming from Ventura County where we had all sorts of choices of really good Mexican food.  

 First of all the decor is really pretty and colorful, and the restaurant is very open with good energy.  Our service was wonderful.  Salsa wasn't anything to write home about but the chips were super good.  I didn't think the salsa was spicy at all, but I do like things on the hotter side.  

Ok, the beer.  It came in a positively frozen glass!  So awesome on a hot day to have a nice cold beer from the tap!  Our food was delicious.  The chicken in the taquitos was definitely cooked onsite; not some canned crap like you get from other Mexican restaurants.  I asked the server if we could have the taquitos cooked so the tortilla was a little browner than the picture on the menu and they did.   The mole is really good as well.  I thought the value was great.  I'm not sure what people expect nowadays from Mexican food.  It's just like Vegas.  Gone are the days where you could get a meal for $5.  Ok, we didn't order a whole lot of food so that's why I'm not giving it 5 stars.  I'll definitely be back to try the chile relleno and tamales though!. We are huge fans of Chef Andres
Creative, playful, and deliciously joyful meals every time we visit his restaurants!
As soon as we saw his food, we were able to taste his passion for food!
Paying more than what we usually do, but every dollar did not go wasted!. All I can really say is that this historical building is gorgeous. Enjoy the architectural beauty in silence and embrace it!. Excellent pizza! Fast service and great people who work there! Me and my husband hadn't been to project pie before and they helped us decide what we would like best! And it was like 2 minutes and our pizza was hot out of their oven! We will definitely be back.. I'm happy to report that I've been back to The Green Owl a few times since my review, and it's gotten better and better each time. I would say that it is now a solid 4 stars. Their nightly specials have been more naturally vegetarian food rather than fake meat, and have been great! I had the "vegetable strudel (vegan) with roasted red pepper sauce--phyllo dough wrapped roasted vegetables topped with red pepper sauce, served with rice pilaf." It was beautifully presented and tasty. The vegan phyllo was impressively buttery tasting. We also got the fish fry, which seems to be on the menu each Friday night now. I don't really know my Wisconsin fish fries, with the last time I had fish being 17 years ago, but it was delicious!

The vegan cheese cake was surprisingly tangy (in a good, cheesecakey way) and all around awesome.

I'm still not thrilled about the soups, which is surprising since the owner is pretty much "the soup lady" for Mother Fool's and other spots around town - the lentils in the dal weren't fully cooked, and my chili had so much tomato that I couldn't taste much else. They aren't terrible . . . but I would recommend a salad over the soup as a starter.. They have the best seitan wings and hoagies!

What is seitan? Well, is a food made from gluten, the main protein of wheat. It's low in carbs, high in protein, it doesn't have any animal fat, it's vegan and it's delicious.. This is another one of the great Thai places that Pittsburgh has to offer.  I've been here a few times, and I know I'll keep coming back.  I usually get the Pad Se Ew, and it has a good amount of veggies and chicken.  My favorite here has to be the dessert - Mango Sticky Rice, which very simple, but very tasty (and refreshing in the summer).  I haven't tried the curries, but after reading the other reviews it is next on my list.  The decor is more 'professional' than Spice Island and its generally  quieter, so its easier to chat in a larger group.. Today I was blessed by an angel Assistant Manager, Monique Petersen, at the 40th St. and Greenway location.  I couldn't start my car after parking in their lot at 6:30 a.m. I was explaining to the cashier what happened and to please not tow it away.  Monique was already checked out and going home.   She over heard me and took a very professional approach by making sure to get my name and number, then gave it to the cashier telling him not to tow.  Then, she took me home 15 minutes in the opposite direction of her home and refused to take any money!  She took me a giant step closer to restoring my faith in humanity.  She's a special lady and I appreciate what she did from the bottom of my  heart.  I will now be doing all my coffee and gas stops at that pleasant and professionally managed location.. Good selection of food. Good price.. Lots of crab legs. Lots of sushi, which is ok, but its on ice so the rice gets cold. 

My major beef was that none of the desserts were labeled. 

We'll be back.. Thìs place is awesome!!! came in here a few weeks ago for the first time and everyone was so friendly.   Been in 3 times now. They do an amazing job and Eric is the best!   I recommend this place to everyone!!. We come to Lindo A LOT. The food is always great and the service is good too. We really like the mango margaritas, steak nachos and the steak ranchero. Angel and Juan are by far the best team in the place so if you can, ask for their section!. Live around the corner. Usually in summer there at least 1x/wk.  (1/2 off bottles of wine - wadda deal!).  Luv the chineese salad, grilled chicken sandwhich.  Hubby luvs the roast beef or the hamburger with brie & avo.  Usually sit @ bar where we can swap new wine tips, but patio is ok (kinda on the parking lot though).  Nice ambiance, good for office lunch/dinner, met up with friend, take out your parents :-). I went here on a weekend night for a late dinner. My boyfriend and I split the bad breath burger (if we both have it, it would cancel out the bad breath element...maybe :D), and the tom kar tofu soup. The burger was delicious! Very good. The soup was also awesome! I was in Thailand earlier this month and ate a ton of tom kar, and this soup did not disappoint! It was creamy, lemongrass-y, galanga-ey...totally great! The beer selection was good too. I would love to try some other drinks next time I go back!. Rooftop party with Vegas' city view!

It was a Sunday night when my group and I went.  There was hardly anyone there, but it was a good thing!  We kind of got the whole enjoyable view all to ourselves!

It was a nice, warm weather outing to relax at while pleasantly enjoying the city view and listening to 70s/80s/mainstream background music!. I love love love this salon and my stylist Jenny Savage.  I don't even know where to begin with how happy I am with my hair!  I have changed my hair a few times and Jenny never disappoints with color, cuts or upstyling. She has given me gorgeous strawberry blonde, vibrant copper and even a soft ombré fading from an auburn to a strawberry blonde using a really cool hair painting technique.   My hair is pretty fine and she always gives me cuts that make my hair fuller and thicker.  My husband has also started seeing her! She is awesome at men's haircuts!

Jenny also did my hair for my wedding.  I wanted something different.  She tried a couple of different styles on me and ended up doing this gorgeous vintage 1940's look.  I think my hair was my favorite thing I wore on my wedding day no joke!!!

I feel so lucky to have found a hair stylist that I am always so excited to go see.  My appointments are super relaxing because I know I'm in great hands. Jenny gets it and has amazing style and advice on hair.  Go see Jenny.  You and your hair won't regret it,. Oh my word I gave Handle Bar a second try and I was sooooo glad I did!!! They listened to my first review and placed seating that were not stool height... Wow thank you 

The Beer Experience was the best ever & I mean the Best ever and I visit Brewery's & Pubs all over :) they have a sampler board you must try! The steak was prime & tender the salmon was great. The dessert cheesecake was even real & good. 
Only recommendation I still have is that rather than sitting twenty -thirty minutes that someone greets you or comes by and says we will be with you soon. I went up to bar and when David behind the bar took care of us it was all forgotten as he was exceptional and gave us A+ care. I will go back 




My first review a few weeks ago:
Went in to sit there was no place a disabled person could sit indoors because the seating was all high bar chairs. No one said anything as we came to try to sit in one of the chairs. The beer list looked great the steak smelled awesome but we had to leave because we could not be greeted nor seated. Went next door to eat.. Had an awesome experience at Fuchsia this weekend for my first-ever facial! *I chose Fuchsia because of the reviews I read on Yelp, and they didn't steer me wrong!

They have a $49 (1st time only) offer for either a facial or massage, OR $90 for both. I bought 2 1st-time facials, for me & my bf's mom for her birthday. We were able to schedule them at the same time within a week and a half of purchase too.

When I went in to purchase the gift cards, I was excited immediately because it's really cute when you walk in. They sell a variety of boutique-y items in the lobby, purses, clothes, jewelry, etc.

You can also see the pedicure stations, which I would love to go back for sometime. They do the newer shellac manicures too.

I had my facial with Holly, and she rocked. I am definitely requesting her next time! She made me feel completely comfortable and was very open about answering my questions throughout the session. Some people might prefer to relax quietly; I enjoyed chatting with her (but also got the feeling that she would have been respectfully quiet if I had been also).

We were offered water while we signed in, and got our choice of music during the facial. It was an amazing, relaxing time and I can't wait to do it again!. I can't say enough about this place! I did my research looking for somewhere to get a coverup and I am soooo happy with my selection! The service was great from the first time I called to when I had my tattoo done. The shop is awesome, so clean, and all the artists were really cool, funny, super talented and polite. Especially Eric who did my tat! It's amazing and I couldn't have asked for better! Thanks so much guys, when we are in Vegas again we'll definitely be back. I have been here once and I am planning on returning. I hit the place during the lunch hour and from outside, they looked closed. Thank goodness I investigated and found out they were open at 11:30 during the week. 

Warning! I am not a professed sushi genius, I have had mostly inland sushi experiences! With that said, this place was delicious. The fish was tasty and tastefully presented. There were some unique combos on the maki (rolls) menu and the service was perfect.. One of my fondest memories as a child is traveling to Alameda to visit my great-grandparents, one of which was Filipino. The food! Yum!!! 

It had been years since either my mom or I had Filipino food. We both moved to Arkansas 20+ years ago but I recently moved to the valley. The first time I came across Hey Joe was last Spring when my mom was in town and we visited the Old Town Scottsdale Farmer's Market. Pancit? Lumpia? I was beyond excited when I saw the truck. Yes, I get excited about good food.

Everything was fabulous. I have since tried the breakfast dish which was absolutely delicious. 

Service is great, prices are wonderful. I will definitely be back.. Delicious food, fast and friendly service and not pretentious or high priced. It's a little gem hidden in yet another shopping strip. Glad I found it, will be going back!. Pizza was great.  Service was excellent. Chicken wings were as if the best fried chicken had babies with great Buffalo wings -- YUMMY!  Now, shall we talk Garlic knots?  I am typically not a fan.  But these are welcome to my dinner anytime!  They had bite to them without being rubbery and they were buttery and parmesean-y and, just plain ol' good!  They deliver anywhere in the valley which is a treat cause we live on the opposite side of town and it would be a bummer if we only got to partake on haircut days (salon is across the street). The best part?  the food actually came out looking like it did in the pictures!  Very much looking forward to our next experience with the owner, the staff and, oh yea, the food!. Yummy breakfast! I had the French Toast w/ Passion Fruit Maple Syrup! Now I'm not a huge fan of passion fruit but I LOVED the way the maple complimented the passion fruit flavor. Quite delicious :) Also tried the Mac n Cheese Balls...worth the wait! It's got a nice bacon flavor to them for sure! Great service and food will be back for more!!!. Beautiful new addition to Capitol square in Madison. Many great wines by the glass and a wonderful variety of sharing plates, creative vegetable dishes, well prepared proteins like harissa chicken thigh over cous cous, spinach salad with crispy egg and the most decadent lemon pot de creme, could have used a few more fresh berries..can't wait to go back!. This place is off da chain!!! Love it, it's my close go to besides hauling across town to go to LoLo's. I did not think this place could compare by looking at the outside but I surely was wrong. I got the two piece dinner and before I could take pictures of my meal it was gone! Luckily, there is always tomorrow. This place is a definite must try.. Chicken with Mac n cheese is incredible!!!  Great beef and service. The owner is a really nice guy too!. I have to wholly recommend this place. It blows most wings you have tried in your life out of the water. The deal for endless wings is great ($12.99 all you can eat). 

The wings come breaded and fried, never cold or nasty-tasting.  They are very crispy and have a great texture. There are several sauces: regular wing sauce with varying degrees of spice and a few other ones (Honey BBQ, teriyaki, sweet chili garlic, sweet and sour, etc.). The regular wing sauces come with a nice buttermilk ranch as well, not the mayo-based sauce other places might serve. The wings are very big and meaty, not very tiny. They give you bigger portions in your first round and afterwards shrink it down. Not exactly what some may like, but it is all-you-can-eat  and it is less wasteful in case you overestimated your appetite. 

I have to also recommend the fries. They come very crispy and thin. These have to be among the best tasting fries I've had as well. They don't give you sauce for these fries, you have to get it over at the condiments counter but the side benefit is they also serve fry sauce and in case you want to dip it in ranch, there usually is enough left afterwards for dipping. There is a drink fountain (Coke-based) and a tea machine for those who would rather partake in that instead. 

Normally, the service for this place is decent; my only complaint is that sometimes the waiters can screw up the sauce you have, but bringing it up with them usually fixes the problem. I have to commend the employees (an older brunette and a young cook with a buzz cut) that worked yesterday. Although it was very busy and understaffed, they did not lose their cool and kept the service with a smile. I hope the managers do, however, at least adequately staff the place for the busier times. It's not fair to the customers, nor is it to them, who have to bear the grunt of it.. My mom and 5 sisters reserved 3 suites in this hotel during our stay from Oct 27 through Nov 3rd.  The rooms are huge and comfy, very clean.  Service was EXCELLENT!  Everyone was very helpful and polite.   Loved the workout room and lap pool and the fact that we were in the middle of the strip in about a 10 minute walk.  Marilyn's Cafe had great food and we especially liked our waiter, Victor.  He was funny and helpful.  The Catina restaurant also had good food and great service.  My husband and I will be moving next year to Henderson so in the meantime while we look for a place to rent/buy, we will stay at the Tuscany.  Oh yeah, NO bedbugs!!!!. Really liked Linda. I only had color done, but service was good. My daughter liked the waiting area. It was comfortable for her. The music videos were a bonus.. My mother's family lives near the original Hussong's in Ensenada in Baja, and I've enjoyed a few (um, crazy) nights back in the day there.

Hussong's Las Vegas is quite different. They have a decent-size menu, and friendly staff and management. 

Went there with the honey, and ordered a pitcher of original margaritas. They said they don't use pre-made margarita mix, which I find too sweet. The margaritas were sweet-made with agave nectar, but not over the top.

Chips and salsa were good, and the salsas they serve have a good flavor and decent heat. I asked if they have a HOTHOT salsa, and the waiter brought out a salsa made with habanero and goodness know what else. After one taste, I couldn't feel my mouth for a good five minutes. If I was drooling, I wouldn't have felt it.

We had a queso fundido appetizer with chimichurri. We added the chorizo to the dish, and it came with warm corn tortillas. Let me tell you, it was fantastic. The dish is small, but packed with flavor. Melted cheesy, meaty goodness, and we couldn't get enough.

The boyfriend got the enchiladas plazeras at the waiter's recommendation. The plate looked like a mess, with potatoes, carrots and sauce on top that made it look like some sort of stew dish. The stew concoction on top was pretty good, but the enchiladas underneath all of that didn't have very much flavor.

I got the fish tacos, and for fish tacos, they were quite tasty. Generous fish, lots of cabbage slaw and sauce. 

The portions on the entrees were generous, and we left stuffed and satisfied.

We'll be going back to try another dish in the future, and to see the rock and roll mariachi band...which from what I hear, plays everything from rap to Black Sabbath. Coming from a mariachi-player family, I've GOT to see that..... I came in last minute to get my broken acrylic fixed, had never been here before. I only had to wait a couple minutes even though it was a Saturday at 1pm. I saw the deal on yelp and got very excited because it's typically very expensive to get my nails done! This is the first time anyone has ever explained to me why I spend so much getting my nails done every time. My (pronounced me) was a very nice nail tech. They were busy and she took the time to explain the pricing to me and what costs what. I really appreciated that since now I will know what to expect next time I come in. Their prices are very fair and their basic pedicure that I got was definitely worth the money! The basic comes with a sugar scrub, lotion, hot rocks, and some Callus scrape, a massage. No hidden extra charges. They also have a pedi punch card! The other nail techs were also very kind even though busy! I definitely suggest coming here. They take appointments and walk ins and since I am very busy normally that is perfect! Will definitely be coming back! Pictures of my mani and pedi to come!. The meat is very fresh and the service is always attentive. Whenever I leave my culinary comfort zone of chicken breasts and fish fillets then this is where you'll find me. Where else can you go if you wish to make a magret de canard aux framboises, Dijon rabbit stew, a roasted goose or a bavette of venison? They also offer viande chevaline hachée, but I haven't been able to bring myself to buy it yet. The only thing that I am not fond of is the entrance. The access and store is not very stroller friendly and there is no where to leave my dog outside.. I purchased several gowns from Hollywood bling. I love them all . They have the best prices around. Great customer service. I would definatly shop here again . Thank you. Great food as always thanks postino. I've been at a local hotel for work for over a week, and was pleasantly surprised to find I had a mexican restaurant right next door.  The staff is generally very friendly, and food is fresh made on the griddle in the back. The burritos are very large, and for only a few dollars you can get a large breakfast burrito and a cup of hot coffee.  My favorite items are the adobada, aguas frescas (jamaica, horchata and tamarindo), and chorizo con huevoes breakfast burritos.  They serve menudo on weekends only, and while I haven't tried it yet it seems to be very popular.  Its the red chili version, not the white.

In short, this isn't a bad little place to stop in if you're in town. They are far from the best mexican I have had (but I do live on the border in Laredo, TX!), but Mr Lenos satisfies my cravings well enough when I'm in town.. We had a great experience with Sam the manager at the Eastern location in Henderson, NV. He took care of my family very well!. PERFECT!! Thanks to the expert research and planning of Grace L., this was the one stop of our entire Bachelorette weekend that everyone agreed was bomb. Although we stopped in for the brunch buffet, the entire place was loaded with pretty much everything you would expect for a dinner buffet - all for ~$20!! (More for bottomless mimosas or bloody marys). 

Even better, although there are tons of ridiculously good foods for you to load up on (ex. king crab, shrimp cocktails, prime rib), they still have noodle soup, congee, fruit and tea, my standard and required hangover foods. Also, a very nicely stocked section of your standard breakfast items (I saw Jennifer S. wandering around on the first round with an empty plate filled only with bacon!!) Niiiice!

If you are planning a Vegas trip for a big group of people I would strongly advise that you stop by here for brunch. Happy campers = separate checks + unlimited variety. Priceless!!. One of the best or the best burger I have ever had!!! Amazing it was so big I brought half home to my daughter and she devoured it!! And thought it was the best! I have been here 3 times now, and everytime it is still just as amazing as the last!. My husband and I heard about Atlasta after a wedding we attended a couple of years ago and decided to check them out for our own wedding (which happened last weekend!). We sat down with Alice at the Atlasta headquarters to talk about our ideas for the menu and discuss budget. We went with a less traditional menu (basically all of the things we love - burgers, corn, french fries, macaroni and cheese, chicken strips, etc.) and they were completely open and willing to do whatever we wanted.

We had our tasting shortly after at one of the buildings at ASU and were BLOWN AWAY. Not only was everything delicious, but we were honestly treated like royalty. We had our own little table set up, Alice served us beverages and replenished them whenever we needed, and brought out our menu dish by dish. Truthfully, I expected the food to taste like wedding food usually does... less than impressive. However, my husband and I were both completely wrong. Everything was not only delicious, but the appearance of the dishes were also beautiful. From the french fries, to the macaroni and cheese, to the burgers - we were no disappointed. They were meticulous about EVERYTHING - what cheese we wanted include in the macaroni and cheese, what types of dip we wanted to serve with the chicken strips and french fries, and even how the burger was made. We left our tasting feeling completely satisfied. 

The day of the wedding - everything just got better. The wait staff was the most incredible staff you could ever ask for. They'd literally check in with us every few moments to be sure we had everything we needed. In fact, before we started our post-ceremony photos, they came to us to ask us what we'd like for dinner so that our plates were completely ready upon completion of the photos. We made our way to the sweetheart table and they had piled my plate extra high with macaroni and cheese (just the way I wanted!) and my husband's with every type of meal possible. They were so kind and helpful and their customer service day of the wedding was second to none.

I honestly am so impressed with their service that I can't stop singing their praises. Not only that - but the food was incredible. Our guests are still raving about our menu and were blown away at how delicious everything tasted. I highly recommend them. Our wait staff was literally the most amazing people I have ever experienced!. Great place to get ur nails done! Went here randomly on a Sunday night and then did a great job!!!!. The food here is AMAZING!! one of the best Mexican restaurants in phoenix, And there's a lot of competition. waiters are always helpful and quick, Nice atmosphere... get the pork burrito green or red sauce enchilada style you will have no regrets!. awesome awesome awesome!!!

I just moved to Las Vegas and I was yelping DMVs in the area. I then came across this service option. I gave Kristie a call originally to  ask her about my late registration from Connecticut, she not only gave me the information i needed, but she also made sure to direct me to the right place to get the information she was unsure of. I called back a second time to ask for her business. Why would I go wait in line FOREVER at the DMV when I have the choice not to? :) What I really appreciated was how she DIDN'T push her business on me. She sold me with her professionalism, knowledge of the DMV policies and willingness to just help.

Done and Done was created for all the times you've ever wished you had a personal assistant just for the DMV. I never even knew that I had a choice to wait or not to wait.  Glad I do now.. Nice little place to eat in Green Valley for a simple lunch. I ordered the shrimp pita with a side salad. Since it was beautiful outside, my sister and I sat on the outdoor patio area. It was nice to enjoy the sun and see everyone outside with their dogs. I had to resist the temptation to feed the little pups around me, but I was very happy to keep the shrimp pita to myself because it was delicious. I enjoyed the flavor combination of hummus, seasoned shrimp, and roasted red bell peppers.. It's  a bit more expensive that buying a pint at your supermarket but if you have a coupon or have to have that "shop only" flavor, you can't go wrong. I'm a big fan of the Coconut Seven Layer Bar that I can't buy in the grocery store. The ice cream is quality and so is the staff.. Finally tried it after co-workers raved about it. Have to say that the set up is a little confusing and you have to hurry and place your order in because people have no common sense and cut in front of you knowing you were standing there trying to place an order. 
Anywho....besides that the food was actually really good. I got a chicken bowl with black beans, peppers, lettuce,  guacamole , and a little cheese. The chicken has so much flavor. I was craving more! My boyfriend ordered 3 carnitas tacos and said it was actually really good. Will we go there again. Yes. But not during rush hour.. This store is huge. I mean big. I could get lost in it.

I had no idea where to start and had a hard time finding associates to help me. However, once I did find an associate, he was eager to assist. He didn't get me to exactly what I needed but he got me pretty close and after I looked in the section for a bit I found what I wanted. So in the end, he could have been more helpful but I understand he was trying to assist 3 people at the same time. So maybe they just need more associates on the floor.

I originally called Hobby Lobby over the phone. I wasn't sure what I needed but was able to explain to the girl on the phone what I wanted to do and she was able to tell me what they had. I told her I wanted some kind of poster board or paper that was about 4'x6' and use it for a background. She told me they carried photo backdrops in that size and also told me about butcher paper. She gave me alternatives to make it budget friendly and I must say she provided a great customer service experience. 

I called other craft stores and did not receive the same experience. I simply got "we don't carry that." and there was no attempt to really service or help me.


I will come back to Hobby Lobby. I loved the options of everything from craft supplies to home decor.. Thanks to Groupon I finally took the plunge and tried floating.  It's one of my favorite activities in the pool but not very relaxing due to fear and danger of drowning.  This sounded like a perfect way to get my water fix, floating fix and much needed relaxation time.  I teach yoga so I know relaxation techniques however something passive like floating was very appealing to me.

The staff was courteous and knowledgeable.  Very good vibe, clean rooms and detailed instructions on how to "float".  I was in complete HEAVEN!  At first I thought I would feel confined, but the pods are roomy.  Ambient music played for the first 10 minutes, then golden silence for the remainder of my time.  The pods do have lights which you can leave on, off or put in color change mode.  I opted for complete darkness.  Music resumes when there is 5 minutes left. This was an unbelievable freakin' awesome experience.  While floating I meditated, silently chanted some mantra and just vegged out.  Also got in some good stretches and twists which felt amazing being suspended by the salt water.

Their membership packages are a great deal, and even though this is a bit of a hike from my home, I opted to join.  This is going to be a monthly thing for me.  This Pisces gal sorely needed some water time here in the desert and True Rest delivers.. I love this Lowe's, it is super organized and really clean and nice.  I usually come to get flowers and plants for my yard.  Yesterday, I needed a faucet.  While I was there, I decided to check on carpet, my twins have been a little rough on the carpet in the living area and I wanted something that I can put for the next couple of years, until they grow up.  They ride these ex-rollers around, so  I need something durable.  Chris was very helpful, I was about to get a berber and he steered me clear from it.  His suggestions made so much sense.  I was so happy we were able to talk to him.. Hidden gem in Mesa. Love stopping in with the kids and getting the Macedonia and strawberries and cream. Unbelievably yummy. Just wish they had a better location so you could sit outside with children and family and feel comfortable. Don't let the location fool you since it is in the rougher part of Mesa.. Ok, so I lived in Chicago and California with the best Chinese food. Been in Phoenix for six years and haven't found good Chinese food until now!!! China Chili is the best!!!! They make amazing Shrimp Fried rice and Orange Chicken. Good service and great atmosphere. You have to check this place out.. We were in Montreal and the hubs wanted to try the famous Schwartz's. The line was out the door, but we waited about 30 minutes before getting a seat. I left my vegetarian diet outside and tried a bite. It was really an awesome sandwich. Definitely worth the wait.. This place was really good. The staff was very kind and helpful. I recommend this place if you're looking for a pizza in Vegas.. Stopped in for a coffee before heading back home to NY. So pleased with the almond milk cappuccino that I got! My bf got a drip coffee that was top notch as well. Delicious.. I didn't even know there was a winery in the Strip District until I attended the Yelp Un-Wine and Relax event earlier this month. I'm so happy I was introduced to this gem. I've been here twice now and definitely want to continue coming back!

The atmosphere of the winery is very cool. The walls are painted a blood red and there plenty of originally artwork on the walls to enjoy while you sip your wine. 

When you first go in there's a tasting bar where you can sample a flight of all their available wines for $10 a person (or for free if you buy a bottle of wine). They make all dry reds except for a really amazing Sauvignon Blanc. All of the wines are incredible...and I'm not normally a huge fan of reds. My favorites have been the Merlot and the Malbec. I also have to say I'm in love with their label design. 

If you decide to buy a bottle or glass of wine you can go downstairs To the cellar to hang out and enjoy. I'd really like to go back for one of the love music events.

I'm sad I went so long without realizing this winery existed, but now that I know about it I'm going to keep coming back and recommending it to all of my friends!. Great place! Convenient and quick. I would recommend to anyone. Please try it out. Dr.O is great!. Living in Mountain's Edge, I'm always in a hurry to get to work, get all of my errands done, etc.  So, although I've lived in the area for 2 years, I had never made it to Holley's Cuppa because I've always been in such a rush to do things.

I had heard great things and I finally got over there.  The place is nice and spacious, very cute.  Holley herself is a very cute, petite, high energy woman...very adorable and fun to talk to!  I love that the business owner herself is so hands-on with her business.

I am just a normal drip coffee drinker.  Holley uses the pour over method for EACH cup!  It's THAT fresh!  I've only ever had French press or drip, so this was my first experience.  It was nice and rich, super flavorful.

I will have to go back to try a sandwich or another (maybe more intricate) drink, but if everything else was just as good as that simple cup, I will definitely be back!. We got a great deal through Groupon- 2 entrees, a pitcher of chicha morada, and dessert, for +50% off!

While we were deciding on our dishes, the waitress brought out a little snack for us to nosh on. Our snack was roasted, dried, salted corn kernels that you could dip in two different sauces. Both sauces were spicy, piquant, with powerful strong flavors that went well with the earthy taste of the roasted corn.

We ended up getting the Lomo Saltado and the Picante a lo Tumi. The Lomo Saltado was tasty, with tender beef, fries and rice. The beef was piled on top of the fries, so the fries soaked up the gravy and juices from the beef, making it quite flavorful.

The Picante a lo Tumi seafood dish had great flavor. The scallops and shrimp were a bit overcooked though.

In both our dishes, the rice was fluffy and tasted great with the meals.

For dessert, we ordered the flan. It was a little overcooked, as the edges of it tasted burnt.

Our pitcher of chicha morada was delicious. This purple concoction had a slightly sweet, slightly tart, refreshing light taste.

Service was speedy and friendly.

While I might not get the seafood again since it was $16 and a bit overcooked, I'd definitely come here to get their other dishes such as the lomo saltado.

P.S. One thing to note is that the Groupon does not cover tax, so you will have to pay a few dollar's worth at the end of your meal, plus your tip for the service (Please tip on the full amount!).. Kenny the bartender is the bomb.com. If you are looking for a vegas dirty secret.. Come see kenny at the Rumor bar. He has one of a kind drinks. He is the reason we will come back to this hotel. We arrived late (past 12am) and was not wanting to go to bed and he made our vegas experience worth it. If you dont want to sleep come to rumor and see kenny. He has the best drinks! I will be coming back to this hotel just for the great hospitality!!. I love this place!  I have not had one bad dish here.  This is finally a place on Mill Ave that will make it.  I highly recommend the Portobellini sandwich and the Banana Fosters French Toast.  They also serve Bellinis and Mimosas!. Kimberly is seriously the best cashier I have EVER had the opportunity to have take an order from me. Always smiling cheerful and happy to do her job. Keep an eye on her I see her going places. The food is always perfect and the rest of the staff is on top of their game too. Keeping up with our tables needs like clock work. I am seriously surprised at the couple of less then 5 star reviews because this place deserves every one of them and more from my MANY MANY visits to this location. Thanks and keep up the great work! Customer for life :). Floor 1.5 is the best! Great, innovative drinks and wonderful atmosphere! The Bruce Tea is my favorite drink ever! There is zero taste of booze in it so watch out - very dangerous!. Love greens and proteins. I've been coming here since I moved to vegas. I even saw Marie Osmond there one time. I like how hey give you a huge flat bread for under 400 calories enough for 2 meals. Not a fan of their acia bowls but their sister company down the street has great ones so they should bring the acia bowl from over there to this location. The next Saturday morning that you find yourself bored or otherwise without plans, head to Tivoli Village for the Fresh52 farmer's market from 9AM-2PM. I don't care what else you do while there, but make sure you seek out Garden Grill!

Menu is exclusively vegetarian and vegan items, largely composed of Mexican-influenced dishes. Go for the tacos. Specifically the beer-battered avocado (crispy, creamy perfection!) and/or barbecue jackfruit (surprisingly savory!). Try one of each for only $7. If you're really starvin', add a bowl of their pozole!. Delicious, fresh, organic food and courteous staff make this place an awesome lunch stop!. I LOVE House of Tricks. 

I've been here a few times and always enjoy the ambiance, food, drinks, and staff. 

House of Tricks is all outdoor seating, so probably not best to come here on a hot 100 degree day (they close down in July). But when the weather is right and you want to enjoy AZ's beautiful outdoors, this is a great place to sit for a while with good company. 

I came here the day before Memorial Day with two of my girlfriends. We split 3 appetizers (Mussels in a curry chorizo sauce with bread, fruit and cheese platter, and baby back ribs). We all had a few cocktails, too. I recommend the Pear cocktail (Grey Goose Pear Vodka, champagne - delicious! but one or two of those and you might want a ride home). My friend had the Spring Chicken cocktail (gin, peach schnapps - very refreshing!)

This is the type of place where you can really sit and enjoy your meal and drinks for a couple hours. There are trees surrounding the tables and bar so there's always shade. Even though it's by ASU, you feel really closed off and private. 

The Executive Chef here is amazing, as well! We met him last time we were here and had to give him props for everything he makes. He completely changes the menu EVERY SEASON so you'll never get bored of this place. I have never tried anything of his that didn't put me in a blissful food coma. 

Keep doing what you're doing, guys! Love everything.. Une très bonne place pour y faire son épicerie. Des légumes à la charcuterie italienne en passant par les plats préparés, tout est bon !. I love this place! It's really affordable, and I love the fact that you can get free samples... How can you go wrong with that?? My favorite it the Jean Lafitte with the Drunken Chicken instead of the Voodoo Chicken (which is what it normally comes with). This is also the only place in town that has Crawfish-- a big plus!
The garlic bread is yummy, and it's free with every meal, made with real french bread. (50 cents for an additional piece!) You definitely won't leave hungry, even if you try the half portions. The counter-staff are also really friendly :). The food was Amazing!! We had the Fruta Di Mar and Cheesecake with Pear. The pasta was unique, it was made with squid ink, it had a very delicate flavor, it also had a touch of tomato with some other spices, it blended  everything beautifully, the scallops were perfectly cooked, they had a buttery flavor. The list of deserts made it hard to pick, I was intrigued by the pear / cheesecake combination. It did not disappoint. The cheesecake was dense and not too sweet, the pear gave it a mellow "pop" without the usual tartness of the berries, it had a tiny scoop of pear sherbet that was to die for. Such a good restaurant, the waiter was incredibly friendly and attentive and so was any other staff that walked by. Highly recommend coming here, loved it!. Great place, very helpful.

Even when it's busy as hell, people always clear out at a rate that lets you grab a table by the time your food's ready. The cashiers are super friendly, quick, and nice. Everyone's always working, clearing tables, mopping, holding doors, wiping things down. I love this place.

Also, for vegetarians, get the Animal style Grilled Cheese. I used to think that the only thing I missed about meat-eating was In n Out burgers -- now I have no excuse. This place is bomb-diggity.

P.S. Milkshakes. Get one.. Thoughtfully prepared food and coffee made by socially conscious people. An eclectic mix of patrons. Can't help but feel good after dropping in!!. We had a wonderful breakfast here but the most wonderful thing was that the manager sang for us... We loved it--- the place brought back all the warm fuzzy feelings that we get for Madison and Wisconsin and we were here with our son and girlfriend and had a great time.... I have had so many problems with my 2003 Jetta, in return I've met a lot of mechanics that just try to screw me over but not at martins. 
I loved the customer service at martins auto repair.
Dave is wonderful and everyone is so friendly. They told me exactly what was wrong with my car and to bring it in again just to make sure it was handled correctly. I'll definitely make the drive from tempe to here.. Einstein Brothers is the perfect option for those mornings when you forgot to eat breakfast at home but really need a coffee and a bagel to nosh on when you get to work. I stick to my favorite order: chai latter and toasted plain bagel with veggie cream cheese. There is often a line on weekday mornings, but they're pretty fast there.. Love this place for take-out! They have taken my expired 20% off coupons, which is nice. They are always fast and friendly and the food is great. I have never encountered any "mystery meat" in any dishes I have ordered. The orange chicken is the best! Not as sweet and fried like other places. The won ton soup is another favorite.. This place is bomb! Great beer and the burgers are delish. Must try the Az trail burger, has a scrumptious sauce. Sweet potato saison and Futures were my fav beer! Food comaaaaa.. Def going back!. My husband and I went here for Sunday brunch. The food was really delicious considering it was gluten and dairy free. I had the huevos rancheros and the hubs had an egg and "pot roast" hash. Both dishes had well-balanced flavor palates, and were surprisingly filling. 

We enjoyed the cute decor of the place and the wait staff was very friendly. I only have two complaints:

1) there were some items on the menu that I asked about whether or not they were gluten-free. Two different servers weren't sure and had to go ask the kitchen. I feel that for such a specialized restaurant that boasts so many dishes to be dairy and gluten-free, the entire wait staff should be well-informed about all dishes. After all, a lot of their clientele are likely going to Fern for their alternative menu options. 

2) this is perhaps a bit petty, but I find it very polarizing...most of the wait staff had VERY DIRTY HAIR. Now, I understand the whole organic/granola/healthy/hippie movement/most-people-shower-more-than-they-need-to thing, but come on! Wash your hair!! If you're serving me food, I don't want to be able to smell your dirty mop when you're walking toward me. Believe me, your delicious food and adorably earthy decor already speak volumes about how hipster y'all are. No need to underscore it by skipping the Pantene for a week. Just sayin.' 

Those two small issues aside, I fully intend to visit this little gem again in the future and have already recommended it to a lot of my health-conscious (AND freshly showered) friends. :). Great atmosphere.  Cozy patio sometimes live music on the patio outside.  Excellent menu with many gluten free options.  Late night dining kitchen open til 1 a.m. Will definitely comeback here and would definitely recommend. They have the best gluten free bun I have ever had. From the outside its not much to look at it and would be easy to drive past but don't. Went here for my birthday dinner. Food was beautiful, staff were friendly and more than accommodating. A very enjoyable dinner.. After driving by Pugzies numerous times over the past few years, and hearing about their tuna salad from Sarah G, I finally made my way inside this family-owned institution for lunch with friends earlier this week...

I checked it out online first and learned that Pugzie's has been in business since 1981 - they must be doing something right!  Pretty impressive...

When I arrived, I debated on what to get... I ended up doing a lunch combo with a half turkey sandwich on 12grain bread - (it's prepared to order but comes with provolone cheese, mayonnaise, tomatoes, lettuce, sprouts and I added avocado for an extra 50 cents) and a cup of tomato soup.  It came with a pickle as well.  With a bottle of water, my total bill was around $9 - not bad.

The staff at Pugzie's were friendly and quick.  It's cafeteria style but their food is fresh and much more appealing than an actual cafeteria... I'll have to go back to try some of their other menu items and perhaps keep them in mind for catering in the future as well.

It may not be much on atmosphere, but go to Pugzie's for a quality, affordable lunch and support this long time local business!. I just moved out of an apartment and needed the carpets cleaned. I had a puppy in the apartment so hoped for the best but expected the worst. I just got done checking the carpets after I left them to dry for a couple days and they are pristine! Bill was a very talkative gentleman who gave me great advice on what products to use in the future and how to best remove stains! I will definitely use this company again the next time I need my carpets cleaned!. We love their Hawaiian Pizza. Its nothing like any other pizza place. Their delivery time is somewhat lengthy but that is my only complaint.. I love eating brunch here, my first time was their first brunch and I couldn't wait to come back, they have this pizza with eggs on it that is to die for! I've had a few meals here and I always get the special that they have for the night, I have never returned anything and have cleared my plate! The bar tenders are awesome, and the staff is great and friendly! Only thing is I wish outside seating was an option but that's something that I don't think can happen with the location, and honestly the inside of this place is almost as appealing as the food. The owners are fantastic and I've met them a few times. I always walk by here on my way home and see the cooks getting everything ready and I must say you are all terrific!. It was so nice to come home to a clean house! Arizona Pros was wonderful to work with prior to cleaning - they were professional and informative. The crew arrived on time and did a great job. Would definitely use them again!. Fantastic service!!  

I was in search of purchasing a new couch, but decided it would be much less expensive to have our current couch (a very large sectional) professional cleaned.  That is exactly what I got, professional service and a couch so clean it confirmed my decision that the less expensive route was the way to go!

I inquired about having my tile done as well, the Brandy Clean representative was very knowledgeable of the process and able to provide a quote on the spot.  He also did not push me to make a commitment.  The "whenever you're ready" attitude goes a long way with me, and I will be calling to use their services again.

Kudos!!. Cool underground but not cave-y pub. Whenever I've been here it's been busy, but I've usually been able to find a table. (Maybe I just go to pubs at weird times?) Even when it's busy, I've never felt like I was being overcrowded by people at other tables, which is always a good thing...Especially when underground...

ANYWAYS. I always really enjoy the atmosphere/fun times with friends here. They've got a great selection and the bartenders are super helpful with recommending beer for people like me who a) don't always like beer and b) aren't really sure what it is about the beers that they like. Mind readers! Always end up with something nice. 

Have yet to sample the food, but from what I've seen people eating around me, it looks pretty tasty.. This place is a very welcome non-corporate-chain restaurant on Mill. My friend and I went for a late breakfast today (Sunday), and it was great. I had the omelet with home-made chorizo, which needed salt, but was otherwise delicious, and the price was reasonable. The sweet Navajo fry bread was awesome. All the ingredients seemed fresh and good quality, and the coffee's better than at your average diner, too. I think this place is going to be a new stand-by near campus... They have wifi, and they're open 24 hours. Can't beat that.

We didn't have any service issues like those mentioned by other reviewers here... Our waitress was great. They're probably just hitting their stride as a new place. I think they're owned by a local bike building shop who've decided to get into the restaurant biz (website: http://www.suckerpunchsallys.com/ )--go figure. But hey, it's awesome that it's a local company, and kudos to them for going for it in spite of the crappy economy.  And I bet they'll do really well with the 2am weekend crowd. 

Sucker Punch is definitely worth checking out, especially for breakfast.. My absolutely most favorite-est place for lunch.  I'm not really into wraps - so that's not what I eat here.  But it's the best Greek salad (get it with chicken) I have ever had, and when I worked down there, I used to get it 2-3 times per week, split it in half, and have the second half for lunch the next day. Oh, and the other thing.... I am WAY picky about chicken. I usually end up picking off half the chicken from any salad, because I'm a purist.  If you're anything like me, you'll have no problem here.  Not to mention, this is the only place I know that carries Zevia - soft drinks made with the herb stevia - no sugar, no artificial MS, cancer-causing crapola.. Who would have thought that this hidden little restaurant in such a gross shopping center could be so good?  I drive by there daily and never knew it was there.  A friend introduced us and had us sitting at the bar. When sitting at the bar you get unlimited small portions of the best the chef makes and you just tell them when you've had your fill.  In our party the boys had 5 courses, I had 4. Our favorite dishes included fried stuffed squash blossom. It had a sauce with a little spicy kick.  I wanted to lick my plate.  Another fave was a corn cake with oxtail. Everything we had was unique, fresh and delish.  Apparently the chef closes down shop for the summer so don't try to go between June and Sept.  I can't wait to take more people there. Great food, wine and service in a rare little Scottsdale gem!. loved this place! stopped by yesterday  since we wanted something close to us and we were so pleased with the customer service and the Huevos Rancheros! it's actually quite cute inside and out and they were so friendly!. So I didn't try the beer BUT the bloody mary's are amazing.  A-ma-zing.  I also ordered the pork arepa.  Super flavorful and the perfect amount if you're beyond starving, which I was.  My friend ordered the green chili pulled pork sandwich which was equally as good.  I will definitely be back.  If anyone has had a bad experience here, it must've been a fluke.... I love this place. It is my go-to place when I am in the mood for the Italian. 

So far I've had the gnocchi with vodka sauce (my favorite), pizza, eggplant parm with spaghetti and the chicken parm sandwich. All four have been delicious. The portions are large so I always eat half at the restaurant and save the other half for lunch.

The service is also wonderful. Every server I've encountered in very polite and attentive.

If you are in the mood for some filling food, this is the place to go. I highly recommend it!. Quaint, charming and yummy food! 

Was there for dinner and our party of 4 stayed till their closing time. The food was yummy and I enjoyed the experience. Again can't recall the names of the dish but the appetizers and entree were both very good! I recall having no room for dessert, so could not try the flan. 

This is not a huge chain type of restaurant and you can feel the difference here - in a good way! Service was good despite our server having more tables than usual to wait on. And the food tasted fresh - which is awesome when it comes to Mexican food and you can taste the flavors!

I will be back!. Cabo Fish Taco is one of my personal favs in Charlotte (and I'm  a former restaurant co-owner and native Charlottean).  Been going for years and it's hard for me not to get the same thing every time...Cabo's signature tacos with beer battered white fish:  two flour tortillas stuffed with cabbage, tomato, avocado, mixed cheeses, & finished with their white cilantro sauce.  And I'm not even much of a seafood eater.  Back in the day the thought of eating a fish taco would have grossed me out.  But going to Cabo in Noda is a different experience that everyone in Charlotte should try at least once, seafood lover or not..... I love BADASS! I come here only a couple times per year when I am visting my brother since he lives up the street from here.

I always get something iced and delicious.  They always have flavors such as various candy bars, and combined chocolate syrups. The one thing they do that I adore is that they make their iced coffee with ice cubes made of coffee, no more watery iced coffee! LOVE IT.

I always will come to BADASS when I am travelling away from Boston to Surprise!. And...I came back the next night.  Who knew sandwiches would be so addicting?  When I had it the first day, I thought it was really good, but not 5 stars worthy.  Who was I kidding?  I craved it literally the next day.  And if I was craving it...it must have meant it was worthy of the full amount of stars.

I tried the tuna melt the second time and It didn't disappoint.  It was actually pretty freaking amazing with the soft, but crispy bread and the generous amount of tuna and swiss cheese.  Craving it again now...too bad I'm not back in Vegas.. There are definitely some things I really like about this place. I've only tried the bottom level, Emporio, but am looking forward to trying the other levels as well. Emporio's thing is meatballs. All kinds of meatballs. All kinds of ways. This is a really cool concept; however, I could see how this could get old and the menu could feel a bit limited.

The ambience is cool, with plenty of rustic elements to make it feel contemporary, yet warm and welcoming. I haven't been for dinner yet, but there are always plenty of tables at lunchtime, with or without a reservation.

There are a variety of meatball options (pork, turkey, vegetarian, beef), and there is always a special as well. You can get your meatballs saucy-style over pasta or quinoa, or another base of your choice, or you can get them in a soup (I would recommend the wedding), on a slider, in a grinder, etc. There are lots of sauce options so you can really mix things up if you like. My favorite sauces are the tzatziki, Sunday gravy, and the government cheese.  

One of my favorite things on the menu is the mac and cheese. I get it with the government cheese, but i'm sure the creamy parmesan option is delicious as well. It's really delicious, and the perfect accompaniment to the port meatball with tzatziki sauce. Yum!! The fries are really good as well, and are plenty big enough to share.

All in all, this is a great place to go for lunch before a Buccos game or a concert. Easy to get in and out, and plenty casual.. Great place for drink in Vegas!!! Employees are nice and drinks are delicious. Will come back!!!. Service is awesome!! Great food, decent beer selection and rad place to catch good music or drag queen bingo  this place has a good night on lock down !!. Love this place for all my little princess's dance stuff! And it's right around the corner from the best studio in town! #diamonddance 
They have amazing customer service as well. As I have stated before, I love breakfast! So we went over to Eddie's one Sunday afternoon and got a table almost immediately, which surprised me since they seemed busy. 

I had the omelette special, which was shrimp and some goat cheese, and spinach, and I made it an egg-white omelette. It was very tasty, even with the lower fat swap-out.  I also had grits, which were excellent, and bacon, which was also great.  A $5 mimosa was also a nice treat.  The service was lacking, probably because it was so busy.

It is certainly a very dated, bordering on dingy establishment, so I wouldn't make this a first-date destination.  But overall, I enjoyed our dining experience, mostly because the food was so good.. Wonderful atmosphere !!  Great waiter !!  Food was Fantastic !!!!  Love Love Love this place !. Just had a booth at the Quilt Show this past weekend.  The service of the volunteers was excellent, parking was easy, bathrooms were well-stocked and concession food was pretty tasty. We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!. DELICIOUS! What a great experience. Hands down the best service I have ever had!. I live in the neighborhood and feel really lucky to have a store like the Founderie down the street from me. Gen, the store owner, makes you feel right at home (an awesomely decorated home with a huge closet of clothes!). It's easy to spend an hour or so trying on clothes and chatting with Gen and the other folks that come in to shop. I also like that she supports local artists-- look for cute postcards and prints for sale amidst the clothes, shoes and hats! The clothing at the Founderie varies in style but is always considered and curated to perfection in the store.. Very good good day service very clean.   Good service.  Highly recommend.   Looks like it might be one of our new regular places.. The first time I visited this office I was a nervous wreck because I knew I had to get so much work done. The entire staff - from the receptionist to the hygienists - all were so warm and reassuring. Dr. Le was so gentle and walked me through every step that it instantly calmed my nerves. She even gave me a cozy blanket during the procedure! She has been my dentist ever since and I have never looked back. I never ever used liked going to the dentist and avoided it at all costs but now with Dr. Le and her team I am no longer fearful. Cindy has been my hygienist and has worked so diligently on getting me back to a healthy state that it just makes keeping up with my appointments a breeze!
If you love a friendly and fun environment this is the place to go. But more importantly, the professionalism and pride of work is what keeps me referring this place to every single person I know.. This is a cute little cafe in Phoenix's oldest hotel that serves relatively affordable and tasty lunch fare in a comfortable and friendly environment that looks out onto the streets of downtown. It still amazes me that spots this cozy and cheap can exist in a major city's downtown. To me, that's part of Phoenix's charm.Where else can you work downtown and walk just a block or two from your office tower to have a really nice and affordable lunch in a place quiet enough to have a conversation?

 I took my parents and grandmother here when they were in town last weekend. We found street parking spots after only circling a few times and then lingered over lunch here for an hour or so. I don't remember everything that everyone ordered, but my portobello sandwich was really tasty and my mom's salad (with dried cranberries and crumbled cheese) was really fresh and huge! Five of us ended up eating lunch (along with sodas, a smoothie, and cookie) for only $45 or so, and it was fun to sit by the big glass windows and watch the lunch hour downtown evolve. 

This is a great lunch spot either for people working in the heart of downtown or anyone visiting who wants to see downtown and grab lunch while there.. Ann's the best! She has been so great creating cool new designs for my toes and is very skilled in the gel french manicure department, I recommend her to all my clients. Thanks for keeping my paws and claws pretty Anna.. My boyfriend and I have come here twice so far and will most definitely be coming back soon. I love the overall feel and atmosphere of this place. The waitresses definitely add to the authenticity of the restaurant. 

We have gotten the pan con tomate both times because it is so fresh and tasty! We also got a salad with cucumbers, fresh feta, green onions, and roasted peppers and I dusted that dish off quick! We splurged and got the $20 cheese, but, and preserve plate. I did not like the bleu cheese at all but the other 3 were delicious. There was a fig served on the side that was obviously soaked in some sort of alcohol. It was a little overpowering. We ended up taking the leftovers of the cheese plate home.

My boyfriend ordered the clay pot and didn't eat much because he was so stuffed from the cheese and and complementary bread that comes with dinner. We have the leftovers in the fridge right now :P

The first time we came here, we got the vereniki which is like a pirogi. It was so amazing and had a very light flavor. My boyfriend got the goulash and liked it very much! It wasn't what I was expecting but he really enjoyed it. I got the adjarski khachapurri which is a boat-shaped bread with cheese and egg in it. It was soo filling and tasty. I'll definitely get that again!!

As far as drinks, we got 3 different drinks and they were during happy hour so it was cheap! I got an angry ginger lemonade and it was wayyyy too gingery for me so my boyfriend drank it. He ordered the GF forte jackass and said it was too gingery but I thought it wasn't too bad! I wanted to get a drink with no ginger so I asked about the gypsytini and the waitress said there wasn't any ginger in it. I ordered it and I was very impressed! A delightful flavor and not too strong! I can't wait to come back!. This place is so unique! I was disappointed that it was closed the weekend of my birthday in July, but I won't hold that against them!

This bar/boxing ring/vintage store/food truck/soda fountain is super awesome! My cousin took me here a few years ago and since then it's been a place that I always show friends and family members when they want to go out downtown. The drink list is pretty extensive, with lots of organic cocktails served in cute mason jars. You definitely get a good sized drink! The beers are cheap, the food is so-so. I think it's a bit overpriced, so I'd recommend eating somewhere else beforehand. 

The boxing ring is random, but I've seen friends go up there and fight in a drunken stupor, and that is a sight I'll never regret seeing. Some nights they have karaoke, which I've chosen to partake in a few times. I've seen DJ's there on the weekends, and I really like how they switch up the music genre each time. Sometimes it's rap, others rockabilly and oldies. On Tuesday nights they do FREE swing dancing lessons and I've been really wanting to try that!

i love the vintage feel to the place and am surprised it's not packed all the time!. I had a friend who was doing hot yoga and raved about how much she enjoyed it.  When a groupon came along for ten sessions I couldn't resist.  Yes it is hot.  Not AZ hot but like steamy jungles of South America hot!  In just a few sessions I could really see and feel that my body was changing.  My groupon is used up, but I am still going to Sumits.

What I appreciate is that you determine how hard you are working.  The staff encourage you to listen to your body in determining how much or little you do during any one session.  The staff also offers gentle corrections on posses so you don't injure yourself.  

Men and women attend the classes.  Guys don't be intimidated thinking its a chick thing.  There are lots of guys who attend.

TIPS:
Drink lots of water day of practice.  A lot!  You will be sweating like you never have before and it is very easy to get dehydrated.

Don't eat anything for a least of couple of hours prior to the class.

If you are not sure what kind of mat or towel to get, you can rent them at the front desk.  They are good quality and very sanitary.

Dress for comfort.  Every part of you will be soaked thru with sweat.  Think of that when determining what you are wearing.  Many of the ladies will wear Yoga Capris and a long sports tank.  Wearing a tee-shirt was too distracting to me as it would bunch up and stick.. The garlic chicken and pork chops are excellent. But they really shined when they did a special happy birthday song and dessert for my friend without being asked just because they knew it was her birthday. Mahalo. My friends and I will be back.. Magnifique endroit, très accueillant avec un personnel agréable! Les gens discutent volontiers et sont sympathiques. Leur bière blanche, la "Blue Moon" servie avec une rondelle d'Orange, est excellente et a essayer !! Pub représentatif de l'ambiance écossaise, avec une bonne humeur générale qui fait qu'on ne voit pas sa soirée filer !. Rilee does an awesome job! I am very particular about my color, and she always styles and colors my hair perfectly every time. The salon also has great products and is very spacious inside. Rilee also has a great personality and is always really welcoming. I have tried several salons and stylists, and Rilee has exceeded my expectations.. I love coming here with my husband and our dog. The coffee always hits the spot when you're in the mood for a hot cup of joe. The patio is dog friendly! My only complaint is that the service is rough. The owner is great but I've noticed the turnover is high. That's the nature of the business but the newer staff has left us hanging for breakfast for almost 45 minutes. I ended up missing my class. It happens and sometimes people need some grace and that's why we come back for more.. Well, I went here because it came up as near my house and had good ratings. Can I add a star and make it 6? Thank you Yelpers. It is a really cute little place. The owner is behind the counter and he really wants to make you happy. He went over the menu and explained everything. He asked us our names and called us by name for the whole lunch. I had the chicken salad. Yummmmmy. It had fresh tender chicken, fresh blue cheese, and homemade vinagarette. It was also topped with jicama that was infused with amaretto. I am getting excited thinking about it. My son had the chicken sandwich. I didn't examine it as I was too busy. But he said it was great. We are planning on going back tomorrow. I can not wait!! I love places that are owned by private individuals and not chains. I really felt like I was in a little place in California.. Great atmosphere! I went on a Friday night and it was jam packed. It was a lot of fun and they have several fun games to keep you entertained including old video games from your childhood. I highly recommend 24Hr HomeCare to all those seeking homecare services for a loved one. The staff strives to provide the highest quality care, while remaining affordable. They offer many features that those seeking homecare may not be aware of, such as no hourly minimum, a free in home consultation, caregivers who are bonded and insured, as well as 24 hour availability for scheduling changes and emergency situations. 

Their caregivers endure a rigorous screening and hiring process before being brought on to the company, so you can rest assured that they are the best in the industry. 24Hr HomeCare will find the best fit in terms of personality, experience, and scheduling for your loved one. 

The internal staff is comprised of highly energetic, helpful, and knowledgeable professionals who assist you in determining the best type of scheduling, caregiver, and routine tailored to your situation. During the difficult time of seeking help for a loved one who requires care, they are the ultimate resource.. Great place! I love to do business meetings here. Delicious coffee, rich food, and hipster service. It has a really nice vibe.. Super friendly, super fast, and yummy tea.  =)   Plus it was next door from the pizza joint and on the way to my car.. First off I will start by saying I will never eat breakfast anywhere but here ever again!! I ordered the blueberry Danish pancakes and can honestly say they were the best pancake i have ever had!! The lemon in the middle made the pancake over the top!! It was a party in my mouth!! The only reason for the four star is the wait.  We were told 15-20 and we waited for 35 ... The staff was very nice about the extra wait and apologized profusely!! Will be eating here as often as possible :). I couldn't have been more pleased with our experience at Miracle View. Our little girl had proven to be very stubborn about posing for good pictures during all her routine ultrasounds with my regular OB, she just refused to show her face. My husband and I both wanted some good pictures for the grandparents and other family. So, after reading the reviews on Yelp, we booked an appointment here.

The paperwork and check in process was easy and the staff was very kind and friendly. The waiting area was clean and well organized and I felt comfortable while we waited. The ultrasound tech was excellent, friendly and professional. Once again, our little girl proved to be very stubborn but the tech refused to give up. I felt kind of bad for her at a certain point, having to work so hard to get us good pictures. But we managed to sneak a few in there! Our pictures were wonderful. The staff was wonderful. The entire experience was wonderful.. Chipotle is a concept restaurant, so no its not going to be "authentic mexican" nor will it be authentic mexican portions prices and sizes. Try to remember what state you're in....

But I love them for other reasons, like their attempts to use more humanely raised beef, pork and chicken. 

Also the Chipotle in Midvale, UT used to donate food to the treatment center I worked at for women and children. So two days a week I got to eat it for lunch, and one time they messed up catering order. I was asked to pick up 40 free burritoes, hell yess I would, damn that was one heavy box but I got to take home 8 free burritoes! 

Anyway back to the basics, the beef is the closest thing to Carne Esada you will find in this town, the Carnitas are pretty good. Chicken is not my fav, ask for veggies on your burrito, and add Guac its worth it. 

I like that they have a variety of salsas to choose from, mild, med hot, and stock extra hot sauce. I just wish it was Cholula hot sauce but oh well. 

Someone said this location was dirty and gross, I didn't find it to be. I think Guac could be a little cheaper, seeing as how i can make it for half that price but that is my only gripe. Love these guys!. The staff were incredibly helpful. I wanted to make some bulletproof coffee for my Husband and I while we were staying at the hotel and they really went out of their way to help us a few mornings. When something isn't on the menu and a servers says "I'll try, what's in it." instead of "No, sorry we don't have that." it means a lot! The manager and or hiring people have done a great job at selecting great people to work there!. I just moved away from Pittsburgh and I miss Marty's Market! Excellent brunch, great coffee, awesome beer selection and a good space to bring a laptop and stay awhile. Living in the Strip, I found myself at Marty's pretty much daily for groceries, or coffee, or food, or all of the above.. We looked at the menu online before going and were looking forward to sharing the porterhouse for two. When we got to the restaurant, we were disappointed that the porterhouse wasn't on the menu. My husband got the ny strip and I got the filet. Both were delicious! Tender like butter. We had blueberry cheesecake and peanut butter chip ice cream for dessert. Both tasted homemade and soo yummy. Service was great and good was delish.. Darn good smoothies, yogurt cups, ice cream, juice drinks! Located in the newly renovated Carson hotel on the corner of 6th and Carson this place is a Jem! Glad there are healthy options now for lunch instead of comfort heavy food. 
I tried - Holy Grail of Greens and the Dirty Chai smoothie... Both are DELISH!. Love this company so honest and great work, they keep their appointments, they do the job well and are just all around wonderful to work with!  I would highly recommend this company to anyone who needs pluming work done. :). H&M can be a hit or miss store with me, but nonetheless if you do find something you like its usually at a good price. Especially their accessories. You can afford to buy a few pieces to change or update an outfit without blowing the bank. 
 
I was recently in Vegas and visited this newly opened H&M in the Forum Shops. We had been to the one at Miracle Mile the day before and were disappointed it was so small. This one is an experience for sure. Like everything Vegas it was big, loud, and glitzy. Multiple levels, a DJ booth, lights, and a huge selection of clothing. My friend found a dress to wear out that night for $40 and I bought an $8 pair of sunglasses. Not bad at all.. love this place! everytime i have lg pepperoni half with jalapenos!.. i always say if it isnt grimaldi's it isnt for me! haha i always tell people about this place and constantly take new friends and relatives and they cant get enough!. Two words: CHICHARRON EMPANADAS

Your'e welcome. I would drive here again (it is really out of my way) just for those. And they weren't even on the menu. The nice woman in the kitchen overheard what I wanted to order and she totally made them as a special order!! I will be back!. Great atmosphere, very attentive staff. Waiter was very knowledgeable on wines and made great recommendations, he was also funny. Food is simple but good. My husband got a foi gras with homemade pasta that was super rich but delicious, I got a seafood risotto that was maybe too rich and had a bit too much salt but was good. I would go back.. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The casual vibe is great, the vast selection of tap beer is winning, and the burgers are a force not to be reckoned with! I've even ordered the Ali Tuna sliders and was super impressed. My bf got the Gold Standard and loved it!
Every time we come to Vegas, even if we're not staying at the Cosmo (which isn't often) we make sure to come here. 
The thing that's not so cool about this place is when sport games are on because they charge a $35 per person minimum to sit in the lounge chairs! Kinda crazy.. When it comes to nightlife I usually hit a dance club, but a friend of mine decided to switch it up last Saturday and do Sandbar. Having never been there I thought a restaurant would be an odd place to spend a Saturday night, thankfully I was wrong!

The bouncers at the front managed the line very well, they were efficient and friendly. Once in, the place itself was colorful and very lively. The crowd was young, mostly in their twenties with a few older groups. The bars are huge and there is an actual dance floor (which I was surprised and greatly thankful for). The drinks were normal priced and the bartenders that helped my friend and I were very sweet and nice. Great security and bartenders, overall wonderful staff and service. 

There's indoor as well as outdoor seating and outside there is actually sand which I thought was cute hence "sandbar." Although it was raining that night, the rain didn't fly  in or get us wet, the heaters were also on and were placed strategically well around, keeping the place consistently warm despite being opened to the cold and wet night. The bathrooms were clean and brightly lit to be able to fix makeup and check yourself properly. 

The crowd was good too. We weren't harassed and we were able to keep our spot by the bar without any problems. Overall, everyone seemed nice and chill.

Oh and the DJ was great! There was a mix of electronic music as well as hip hop throughout the night.

It was a good night. Although, we were there just to drink and dance, not really to eat - so next time I'll try actually ordering food, seeing how this place is a restaurant. :P. I stuffed myself...to an inappropriate level. Each piece of fish is perfectly crisp and fried. The oil is fresh so the fish is always light and fluffy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. They're secret is the cornmeal fry mixture they use. They also use it in their hushpuppies---TO DIE FOR!!! Next time i'm going for the slaw and sweet potato side. 


 This'll be my new late-night haunt for folks when they come to visit.. A little cozy restaurant in a quiet neighbourhood. The food is exceeds my expectation. We had cream-legume soup to start, artichoke and heart-of-palm salad, a block (deep fried pastry stuffed with tofu spinach and cheese) as the appetizer, and cous-cous royal and vegetarian for the main course. Bread was fresh baked and served warm. The stewed lamb was so tender and the grilled chicken was delicious. Absolutely a delight dinner on a cold winter night.. Creative Environments did a great job in designing our backyard. They came out and really listened to our needs/wants and then presented us with a great design! All at no charge.. I LOVE IT HERE. i found this place from my friend's instagram. it a cute little cafe that most people come here to study for. the drinks are a bit on the pricy side, but it is totally worth it, since you might end up staying here and studying for a few hours. i come here almost every week to study with my friends. the staff is always friendly, they bring the drinks to you while you settle down and they pick up after you as well. the ambiance is calm and soothing, the perfect place to study and hang out with friends. even if you just want to chat over the weekends, it is really a nice place to be. this is partly due to the decorations and the different type of setting than other cafes seen in las vegas.. I've been to a number of salons in the area, and there has been one that has had such excellent service, welcoming staff, and great prices.  Not to mention the great atmosphere and hospitality that greets you right when you come into the salon.. Just had my first experience with this office. The girl at the front desk was really helpful in checking my insurance benefits and willing to help me in my search for new eyeglasses. (I didn't get her name but she was super nice). JR was the optician who helped me out, he was also very helpful and friendly. He had me browse around and pick out frames and then calculated how much it would be for me. Probably the easiest transaction I've ever done for glasses, and I got 2 pairs !! He wasn't pushy like other opticians that I've had over the years and I really appreciated that. He really took his time with me and I left happy and excited to get my new glasses! I will definitely be returning!

So like, they quoted me 7-10 business days for my glasses and I always expect the 10 business days but they called me Monday morning ! Awesome! 2 pairs of eyeglasses within 3 business days. My 3 kids said their margarita pizza was the best they've ever tried! 
My husband and I enjoyed the grilled octopus and grilled chicken pasta. We will definitely coming back tomorrow :). So happy they finally opened this one, because I live so close to the Waterfront, and I love Burgatory. They let you build your own burger by filling out an order form, so it's easy to get things just the way you like it. They have a lot of "burger" options including elk, bison, wagyu, veggie, and crab burgers. I LOVE the veggie burger, which tastes a little like stovetop stuffing to me, but in a way that totally works. The burgers are always done right, and everything else on the menu was delicious. One of our lamer companions ordered a salad and it was very well done. The Gorgonzola and truffle aioli fries are TO DIE FOR. The shakes are also delicious. Know that you can order any of them with or without the booze, despite how they are listed on the menu. 

Downsides: While the standard burger prices are pretty affordable, the extras on a custom burger can add up quickly, especially if you start off by opting for a different kind of meat. They only have three temperature options (red, pink, well-done), instead of the traditional 5, which I think is pretty unacceptable at a burger joint. The shakes and beer take "expensive" to a new level. You can't get a beer on tap for less than $6, and craft brews will set you back $8-$9. Shakes with alcohol cost even more. 

All Burgatory locations--including this newest one--are pretty small, and because of its popularity, you're in for a wait on weekends. Worse than that, the kitchen doesn't seem to be able to keep up with this place. Both times I came here we waited a long time after ordering our food. Maybe this will smooth out over time, because I have not had this problem at other Burgatory locations. Overall, I highly recommend this place, as long as you are prepared to wait and keep track of what you order so the check doesn't come as a surprise.. It makes no bones about it that it is a bistro and it is a very good bistro because its menu really is much more refine than others.  I loved the bone marrows and everything else was great.  My hubby who is Parisien thinks it is very close to a good bistro in Paris. I highly suggested this place when anyone lands in Montreal, they open to 2 a.m!!!. One of the cleanest Lee's Discount Liquor I've been in. They have a good selection on alcohol and funny little knick knacks. I think what really sticks out at this place (which made my rating go from a 4 to a 5 star rating) is the fact that there's SAMPLE SHOTS.

You read correctly.. SAMPLE SHOTS. I'm not sure on how often they do it, but they'll have the alcohol bottle held up front in an iced bowl and that's the sample shot of the day. I believe other days they'll have a couple lined up. My friend actually took a sample shot of everything they had available.

I also love this place because it's literally walking distance from my house.. The service was great , the food had flavor and tastes like a home cooked meal !! Definitely worth stopping in ,I can't wait to try more things on menu (take out dinners). The first time I ever had a pasty was in Michigan when I was 10 years old. My grandparents bought them at the grocery store premade - all we had to do was warm them up in the oven. When Cornish Pasty Co. announced they were going to open in Tempe back in 2005, I was ecstatic and for good reasons - it was love at first bite. 

Since 2005, I've tried many different pasties and still can't decide which my favorite is. The Oggie is a good standard- it's what my memory from Michigan tastes like only better. The Pilgrim is amazing - but only when made with Turkey. Honestly, my favorite part is the crust that holds the goodies. I don't care what is inside, as long as that crust is flakey and warm. Mmm... One time I ordered a small Greek Salad and now I have to order it every time I'm there. The dressing they use is this lemony pesto and it is so, so good... the only down side is that I'm still tasting it hours later. It's that strong! To finish up, you have got to order the chocolate bread pudding with crème angelias AND ice cream. The bread is deliciously chocolately but it is also soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, which I love. The husband isn't too crazy about it ("bread pudding shouldn't be crunchy!"), but that means more for me!

They have happy hour starting at 3pm, which includes drink specials. I've only ordered a Gin and Tonic here and as far as I'm concerned, it's pretty damn good. One time they were out of tonic and they made a special trip to go out and buy some, just so I could have my drink. I felt pretty special that night.

We have been to the location in Mesa and the patio is really nice, but the original restaurant has rustic charm. Whether you are sitting at the bar top or in a corner booth, you can feel the energy of the restaurant and be intimate with your dining partner. It's nice they expanded the restaurant and were still able to keep the same ambiance. 

Anytime we are in Tempe, this is always one of our stops and a place we frequently take friends. If you are ever in the area, definitely stop in!!. I keep going back for the "inside out quinoa burger" and get their amazing kale salad as my side. Servers are always friendly. Downside is the wait time at popular times (I'm not the only one that enjoys the food).. This place is great for the whole family! I love this place because I am a vegetarian and there is an endless variety of things for me to choose from! They always have fresh food out and it's yummy! The salad bar is my favorite! Of course my kids love the mini ice cream cones, while my husband can't get enough of the Mac and cheese! 
This is always our go to place and with the family coupons it's a great deal!. Just moved to Charlotte less then two weeks ago, and Pinky's is just down the road from my new office so I figured I had to try it. LOVE IT! Very good and fun dishes with very fast and friendly service. I will def be going back here!. Long time customer of Tinley Park,  IL location. 
Dinner tonight was just as good as I had hoped!  Mostacolli with meat sauce and chicken parm sandwich. We'll be back FOR SURE!. Very good food, reasonable prices and the portions are big. My favorite is the chili Verde burrito with white cheese melt on top yummy!. Lunch special for fish and chips and haggis plate was less than £7 for each plate (bargain by my standards). Both meals were tasty. The atmosphere was relaxing. Would definitely come here again!. This place was a great stay.  The 1000 sq ft suite did not disappoint and the service was spectacular.  No casino in this section of the MGM which is great because the noise level is very low at night.  Each tower gets their own pool so there's no worrying about overcrowding, but if you are one to people watch, you can always take the 5 minute stroll to MGM and enjoy their pools as well.  You can bring your inter tubes there rather than paying the $16 fee to use for one day.  Also, you can bring in your own food but not your own booze.  If you drink spirits, be prepared to fork out about $12-$18 a drink.. Wow, I work as a Concierge so let me start by saying I go to many shows.  VEGAS THE SHOW IS OFF THE CHAIN PEOPLE!  I can't promote or sell enough tickets to such an event!  You can get Cirque, Broadway shows like; Jersey Boys, Blue Man Group, and Comedy anywhere in the Country, for that matter almost anywhere in the world.  Vegas The Show only plays here, and you get an entertainment Histroy Lesson there with all they bring to the stage!  A MUST SEE WHEN COMING TO TOWN, OR EVEN FOR LOCALS!. i haven't had as great an experience as i had here at a restaurant in a long time! i showed up at prime dinner time on a tuesday night with a date and a bottle of wine, and was told there was no seating available until 8:15 which was over an hour later. we somewhat begrudgingly left to go to a bar until our time to eat arrived, and were starving by the time we actually sat down at a table. but holy hell, was it ever a meal worth waiting for! my date let me pick our appetizers, and i chose two things--a simple crab cake topped with a basil aioli that was so fresh-tasting and aromatic i believed they must have had an herb garden growing right in the kitchen, and the show stopper--chocolate chipotle confit chicken wings. the meat didn't even fall off the bone; when we lifted the bones from the plate, the meat was so tender it simply remained where it was. the chocolate flavor was a noticeable but not overwhelming presence and we both just kept moaning in between utterances of 'holy shit', and 'oh my god, this is fucking good'. our salad wasn't terribly original--a breaded and fried slice of chevre goat cheese with greens and truffle oil--but it was insanely good, and our entrees were both great. he ordered halibut with snap pea mashed potatoes and ginger aioli, and against all of my dining-out sensibilities i ordered a tofu dish as my main course, and was completely satisfied. for dessert--french press coffee and three types of homemade coffee ice cream. service was totally friendly and on-point and i LOVED the entire experience. i can't wait to eat here again.. Making a stop here is a must if you need a break from the strip and love cool dive-y vars. Good drinks! All go for $9 & $23 if u want them in cool kitschy souvenir tiki glasses. Try the Tiki Bandit--mmm mmm good!. I ordered a 'seared salmon sandwich on a roll' for $9. I was expecting a small sandwich ($9 in vegas.. I didn't expect a feast!). The sandwich came out and it was massive! I couldn't eat it all and wish I had someone to split it with. It was made right in front of me too so I know it was fresh (I didn't want to eat old salmon!).

My only complaint is that the prices are iffy.. A bottled drink is $4 (really??) but it's just $2 is you want chips and a fountain drink. You have to pay attention or they end up taking all your money!

I wish I'd eaten less so I could've tried some of the amazing-looking desserts in display case!. I am so happy after 8 months of living on the west side of town, I have finally found my go to nail salon! I have gone to countless nail salons only to be disappointed countless times :( After paying $55 on a set that started lifting and looked like I needed a fill 5 days later, I decided to search thoroughly on yelp for someone great in my area. It was Sunday and after 6pm so I figured Id be planning to get them done the following day. Then I found Elaine! Nothing but great reviews and then I noticed she didn't close to nearly 10pm Sunday and 11pm every other day! They did such a great job on my nails and feet. I was rubbed down for a nice amount of time for my pedicure and even had a nice hand massage :) The price was so reasonable. The salon is so spacious and has such nice décor. I feel like I am getting pampered on some exotic Island. The only thing is I had a miscommunication about adding sparkles to my color changing gel polish. It was no big deal though, since I adored how the color looked without glitter. I cant wait to go back for my fills in two weeks. If your looking for a nail salon on the west side or even one that's open late I recommend you head down to Elaine's ASAP!. Very good. Healthy juice and smoothie options. Also food is very fresh. I do believe the price is a little high but I do understand because the ingredients are very fresh. The chicken on my salad had awesome flavor and the goat cheese on top added a great flavor as well. I would compare this place to a panera but more fresh. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu. Had these guys come out to fix my bathroom exhaust fan per my home warranty.  They were fast, had the equipment they needed and worked me into their (very likely) busy day.  Fantastic!!. LOVED this place! Came here as part of a group of seven, which is perfect for this type of restaurant, because we were able to order a bunch of dishes and try a little of each.
 
We started with the onion bhajis and Bombay bhelpurri. The latter is puffed rice mixed with onions and tomatoes in a tamarind sauce. I'd never tried this dish before and it was very tasty. The puffed rice gave it an interesting texture different from most dishes you typically find in an Indian restaurant.

For our mains, we shared the the lamb vindaloo, chana masala (chickpea curry), Rajastani paneer and southern grilled fish. The fish was a bit disappointing (lacklustre and slightly overcooked) but the other three dishes were excellent. I'm not a huge lamb fan so my favourites were the chana masala (very spicy and flavourful) and most of all the Rajastani paneer. This was a paneer (Indian cheese) dish in a carrot-based sauce that also contained bell peppers and cashew paste. Again, I had never tried this particular type of paneer before, but I absolutely loved it and will definitely keep an eye out for it in Indian restaurants in my 'hood. It was rich, creamy and delicious.

The atmosphere was I suppose what you would expect in an Indian restaurant (Indian-style decor but with a lot of modern touches), with the exception that instead of Indian music, they were playing random pop music. A little out of place with the atmosphere I thought, at least until later in the evening when it becomes more of a "bar" atmosphere.

Overall, the service was very good and we had a great experience here. It's located a short cab ride from the strip but more than worth a return trip if I'm looking for good Indian food in Las Vegas.. I posted previously about Etch and hairdresser/magician/artist Ellie Davis. Like any artist I respect, I let her do her own thing. My hair has never looked better. People stop me in the street to ask me who does my hair. My husband loves it. And it's all Ellie because I do nothing to my hair when I get out of the shower except comb it straight back. On a cold day, I'll point a blow dryer at it. Ellie understands my no fuss needs and my hair looks fabulous all the time.. the most fun i've had at a buffet ever! maybe cuz of the champagne brunch which means unlimited mimosas. 

the wait was a bit long, but i think worth it. it was 27.99 for the champagne brunch. there were eggs, bacon, toast, pancakes, duck, prime rib, roast beef, sausages....the sushi was lame. really good seafood soup!!! and we added mussels in it. OMG soooo delicious. the shrimp and crab legs tasted fresh. their creme brulee wass tastyyy. they had a lot of good things, and fruits and ice cream. of course we had to drink our money worth of mimosas so of course we got a little giddy. but definitely fun! we were all extremely full and satisfied.. Awesome beds!! Beautiful place & the owners are the nicest people!! I've enjoyed every tan!!!. It's best not to eat for days before you step into this establishment.  The food is great and the portions are huge! I have never been able to finish a meal here.  The daily specials are always Meatloaf & Mashed Potatoes Monday, Fettucini Alfredo Tuesday, Spaghetti Wednesday, Chicken & Dumplin' Thursday, Spaghetti Friday...I must say that Mondays are my favorite, but the rest of the week is fine by me, too.  The mac & cheese is super yummy and I ALWAYS order this as a side.  Gosh, I miss you since I moved from Charlotte!!! :-(. Note: This review is based on some very hazy memories of incidents that occurred at around 2:00 AM.

It was a bit pricey, sure, but the silverware was quite professionally bound in a white linen napkin. Mmm. Linen. I also remember the clear glass plates. How awesome is that? Who uses glass plates these days...apparently only the cool kids at the G-Lux. 

I had one of Hannah W.'s fries. It was utterly perfect, dipped in cold red ketchup. Expect nothing but the freshest, purest ingredients when you first taste the banana creme pie, as well as the two flavors of creme brulee.

It was really dark in there, for some reason. It made me sleepy. But we had also arrived just in time to beat the clubbing crowds who were hunting for a last-minute snack. I love it when that happens.. Love the products, I've been using them over a year now and the basic system is amazing . 
I can see improvement in my skin and feel great
Very recommended 
My favorites is the night cream, the cream cleanser, instant face lift, eye serum face serum and the cellmax kit. Oh well the body products too . There a bitt expensive but I'm very picky with my skin treatment and won't use cheap products .. I just want to thank the woman who helped me at self check out literally five minutes ago. My card wouldn't go through to buy diapers and she saved my day and helped me by buying them. Thank you so much. There are still good people out there. I appreciate it more than you know!!! You are an amazing person!. Love The Cheesecake factory! Their Steak Diane melts in your mouth, good quality and excellent mashed taters! The setting is romantic and elegant. Very nice atmosphere and you get superior service! This location at Ceasars is fun and relaxing, better than the other two locations!. Our favorite Indian food restaurant in the area.

Best chicken tikka masala I've had since I was a kid. 

We normally get the Non-Vegetarian platter for 2 which comes with an order of pakora, chicken tandooria, your choice of a chicken dish, their dal of the day, tomato basil soup, an order of naan, an order of basmati rice and a dessert for about $50. 

We normally get the chicken tikka masala, but I've heard their butter chicken is excellent. Every bite of food is delicious here, and all of the servers are very knowledgeable about people with a gluten allergy which is always helpful. Most Indian food, except the breads, are gluten free friendly, and I have never gotten sick from eating here.

Great service, fantastic, flavorful food and a relaxing ambiance. Best place in town.. I went here last week for a wee family day out. Were all pretty disorganised so it was great that it was open until 9pm as we never started thinking about what to do until 3pm, and most places for family fun close at 5pm ish. Its a tenner to get in for your average guy but students, kids and o.a.p's get a discount. There aren't any family tickets which is a bit annoying as there were 6 of us so ended up being a bit pricey. Although the girl at the desk said that they were trying to get a family ticket price arranged. 

There are 5 floors of fun and weird stuff to look at and take part in including the wee 10 min show of the actual camera obscura on the roof. To be honest, i wasn't much impressed by the camera obscura show because i couldn't really see what was happening, but it was a rainy day and apparently that can effect the view a bit. It is impressive that its been there for so long though, around 150 years, so it would of been cutting edge technology at the time! And you can step out on to the roof and use all the other different telescopes etc. for a clearer view. 

My favourite bit was walking through the 'vortex tunnel', it really did make you feel like the floor was moving and that your stomach contents would be removed! Didn't stop me having a second go though! On the same floor is the 'room of mirrors' which was fun too, went through loads of times but still couldn't walk through without smacking my face off a mirror at least once!

Other fun stuff included holograms, mirrors that make you look weird, optical illusion pics, pics of old Edinburgh, heat sensors, a machine that makes you Shadow stay where it is, weird lights and sound machines plus loads of other stuff. 

If you've been here before but not for a while its worth another look as there are alot of new things to look at. The gift shop is actually OK too, although obviously overpriced, and a bit random at points, found a badge of Elvis Presley!! eh!!. I ate there weeks ago and I'm still full. *burp*

It starts with the salad bar which is a salad bar on steroids. Really, goat cheese? Olives? This is way more than your average salad bar which is good and bad all at once. You want to save room for your meats but you just can't pass up the goodies displayed at the salad bar. 

After that, it's time for the meat and greet. Don't waste your time eating meat you know you don't like. Pass and stick to the items you know and love. Trust me, there's just no enough room to make any mistakes here. My fave was the prime rib, best I ever had [period]. Everything else was second best, if that. 

Oh and there are side dishes too. Best mashed potatoes I've had. So creamy. Some sweet plantains. So good, it's like dessert. 

I almost did the Kobayashi move and started massaging my stomach to make room for more. 

Oh yah! And Sangria...lovely, so lovely. This place is great and spectacular service as well.. Great beer! $2-2.50 tasters in cute 5oz snifters. 14 brews in house, plus some mead from an outside meadery. Beers ran gambit of solid foundational styles to celebral experimentals & some collaborations... everything I had was good, some were extraordinary! Pretty interior & nightlife feel. Friendly and welcoming :). What an absolutely incredible experience! Orange Sky is located on the 15th floor of the Talking Stick Resort. A private elevator whisks you upstairs, whereupon you are greeted by smiles and hellos by *every single person* with whom you come into contact. The staff is one of the friendliest and professional we've ever encountered. Great job, guys!! This is so important and so overlooked by other places!

So glad we made reservations on a Saturday night. We made our decision to go there in the afternoon so when we went to make the reservation, only 5:45pm or 9pm were available. Sunset was at 7:41 that night, so we went with the 5:45pm reservation. We wound up arriving late--a little after 6pm--but we were seated immediately.

It turned out that many other tables were available at that time, so if you go early without a reservation you'll probably get seated.

It didn't matter that we were early for the sunset, though. 6pm turned out to be the perfect time to enjoy the changing colors of the sky. And *that* is why I'm glad we made a reservation...because by being forced to go at 5:45 (in our ignorance we would have made a later reservation) we were able to fully enjoy the sky. The sun actually dropped completely at 7:41, leaving us with only light left until well after 8pm--no colors, so keep that in mind when calculating this! (Also, remember sunset changes during the year, depending on the season). We went one of the longest days of the year.

The space itself is unique. A modern main lounge area up front--with curved, modular seating and window views all around --further expands into another area where a piano sits. This area has additional seating and a dance floor.  You'll find the restaurant itself at the end of the long corridor. This hallway is flanked on one side by private tables with westward views, and on the other by two private party rooms and their state of the art kitchen.

Entering the main dining room for the first time is a treat for those who are already jaded by most high end restaurants. The room is vast, but warm and inviting, with a fireplace centered on the back wall. The 270' view is amazing. You can even dine or take drinks outside on the lavishly furnished patio. If you're lucky you'll see a glimpse of wild stallions running through the reservation  toward the east side. You can dress up here and ENJOY it. It is worth the effort.

The food here is stellar. We both had the Chilean sea bass, and shared sides of corn with chard, and green chile mashed potatoes. The bass was cooked sparingly and to absolute perfection, which delighted our server when we told him. (He said that many people expect it to be cooked more--which ruins the delicate texture). It was seared and caramelized on the outside and *barely* raw in the center--just a wisp. Perfect.

The sides were huge. Each side feeds two people, possibly three. We shared a full bottle of sauvignon blanc, drank tap and sparkling water, and finished with French press coffee. Our anniversary was earlier in the week, and the waiter brought us a gratis chocolate mousse desert with a "Happy Anniversary" message to share.

The bill came with two caramel/chocolate candies that seemed homemade. It was phenomenal caramel! Our entire bill was $130. We expected to pay more. We cannot recommend this restaurant enough! The value is there. The food, most importantly, is fantastic. And really...isn't that what dining is all about if you are going to go out with people you love to share it?

GREAT PLACE!!. This place is great! The staff is very friendly & the food is great for the price. Not to mention awesome drink specials ($3 for Grey Goose anyone?), and the bartender pours with a heavy hand. 
Very eclectic music and fun arcade games, though we didn't play any. Being it a dive bar, I had my reservations of the clientele in the place, but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs, I knew it was all good.. Delicious every time I go. Great topping choices! Cute little store with friendly people working there. Love this place!. As long we are still talking about a place that serves comfort food at a quick service and inexpensive tab - Yeah, this place is awesome!

I went for Sunday brunch so we expected the wait.  Was told 15 min but seated within 5-10.  There are so many variations of omelets and all looking very interesting.  The best part is that they serve mostly egg white omelets!  I ordered the Garden of Eden based on the waitress' recommendation and i was very happy with it.  It's a regular spot for people workout at the near by gym.  Almost makes me fee like I did something good for my body too :p

This place doesn't have the Vegas grime, which scores big for me.. I have been going to the slider truck since the first two weeks that they fired up 'ol bessie (or whatever cliche name they have for their truck). 

First off, the food. Those not so little sliders are pretty damn good. While I have only tried three varieties, (pulled porkie, pep pep, and the frenchie) they were all worth 5 stars in my book. The sweet potato fries are my favorite, while they probably aren't as healthy as they sound, I still try to convince myself that they're healthier than regular fries (denial at it's finest).

I have to say that the food isn't what makes me a recurring customer, it is definitely the whole "food truck" experience. Every time I have slider truck I am always meeting up with friends old and new. Plus, you are bound to make friends with people in line since there always is one! If you own a business, slider tuck is a great place to network believe it or not. I also take my dog almost every time, it's hard to find places to eat out that are "dog friendly". I definitely recommend taking a friend with you so that the wait time goes by a lot quicker. 

The best part of the whole slider truck "experience" is the customer service!! Ric and crew are always upbeat and happy to serve you! Ric even knows me and my dog by name, I don't think I can go anywhere else in the city where someone will personally greet me, let alone my dog! The guys had an off night once where the grill would not work, Ric made up for it and was still able to get us our food even though we were one of the last to order before the grill breakdown. 

I really hate to say the truck has any cons but unfortunately it does. But only one and i'm sure the guys didn't know what they were in for.  The wait time can be extremely long if you don't come early and sadly if you arrive later in the schedule you might miss out. My advice would be to get there early!!! The slider truck has such a huge following that the line can get 20-30 people deep in no time, I think a stationary Slider Joint™ should be soon to come!

In the end the slider truck is a great spot when you just want to be casual and get some "fresh off the grill" grub. The guys will always have a smile on their face and you are bound to meet some interesting people in line. Check our slider truck at a stop near you!. Never had crepes before coming here and I had no idea what I was missing. The food is always fresh, but the downfall is sometimes you have to wait over a half an hour to get your food. Everyone here is really nice and they have a great menu, they close at 4 so a great place for lunch or brunch on the weekends.. Line moved really quickly. They had a pretty organized system. They hand out a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready but by the time I was ready to pay my sandwich was done.

I ordered the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken avocado. Probably two of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. The tuna melt had melted cheese that was oozing with every bite. The chipotle sandwich is a must get and is made to perfection.. My kids and I love this place!  It's got a modern but comfy decor, the place is always clean and they have a great selection of flavors and toppings.. It's neck and neck with Bacchanal buffet. Both are the best buffets I've had in Vegas . The Buffet serves traditional American food with a twist and more. The decor is sooo pretty and whimsical and the service is always great!

Came here for BREAKFAST on our last day in Vegas and it was amazing. $21 per person is a great price. Their food selection was very impressive for breakfast. So many different kinds of parfaits, egg dishes, pancake station, fresh fruits, cereal station, the best California rolls, variety of meats, and they serve crab legs and the most succulent shrimp cocktail for breakfast OMG! Everything we had was delicious.

My favs...
-Shrimp cocktail
-lobster fritata
-California rolls (best I've ever had at any buffets)
-smoked salmon
-banana and nutella parfait
-watermelon infused with tequila
-prime rib (amazing)
-Thai chicken wings (wished i could eat more)

Their dessert selection was more of classic and traditional and not too creative and unique in my opinion compare to other buffets. But it's still delicious.

I took off 1 star because of how the cashier area is set up. The people who already paid are crowded around the cashier area making it a bit difficult for the people waiting to pay to squeeze in. People behind us were complaining to staff. But other than that, I highly recommend this buffet!. While I am a huge fan of Mexican and am always down to eat out, this place was a fun little dirty Brett Michaels meets Cancun Spring Break-nuanced experience. 
We ordered chicken tacos, enchiladas and fajitas. The food was good, nothing spectacular, but good. The margaritas were pretty strong and sugary at the same time, but I think that's what they are going for. 
Service was good, fast and accommodating. 
Cons were I could smell the cig smoke bellowing in from the open doors to the patio and pool area. It's the Hard Rock though, it's no preschool. 
There are other Mexican restaurants I prefer over Pink Taco, even if it's name is so demure.. I love Aldi. They have very reasonable prices, there selection is decent. There own brand products are very good. ( The ones I have tried at least). The employees for the most part are very nice, and helpful. At times they have some really interesting and reasonably priced seasonal merchandise. I love the cream pies around holidays, and this year I got two beautiful Bonsai Trees, and a Japanese Maple tree for an incredible price. They feature different ice cream novelties at times that are really delicious. Your staples are very reasonable priced, and I noticed they are starting to carry more organic products. The organic bananas are delicious and very reasonably priced. The stores are clean, well ordered. Make sure you bring your bags though , as they don't provide them, although you can buy them very cheaply at the store. I think Aldi's is definitely giving the other stores a run for their money, and helping me put more money in my pocket.. We have passed this place many times and wanted to check it out so when we found a groupon for them we decided to check them out. The places is small but nicely decorated and very clean. The waitress was very friendly and provided good feedback when we had questions on what something was or how she liked it. She was very attentive and pleasant. I am guessing the guy frequenting the tables was the owner he was very nice asking everyone if they enjoyed their meal, if it was their first time, and invited them to return when they were leaving. This place oozes hospitality! The food was just as good as the service, it was served hot, fresh and in a timely manner. I really love their food it's different from most taco places they have this volcano toco that has the meat of your choice fried cheese on top and this tasty sauce on top, my husband couldn't stop raving about the Tortilla soup with shrimp in it. To finish off the meal I ordered the Nutella crepes which were yummy I just wish the Nutella taste was a little more present in the dish I tasted more chocolate with a hint of the hazelnut flavor I love so much! But it was delicious either way The guy I am assuming the owner advised when I return  to try the Carmel one which is made with Mexican Carmel. The only thing I would change about this place is to replace can soda's for a soda machine.. Best macaroons and gelato in the Valley. Gelato is from Dolce Vita in Mesa, voted Top 18 ice cream shops in the NATION! They've just started serving lunch: salads, croissant sandwiches and more. The owners are from France, recent transplants who only serve authentic French fare. 

We just purchased macaroons for a 14 year old girl's birthday party. Such a hit!. Bill at Trademark Carpet Services went above and beyond what other guys have done for my carpets in the past. WOW! He arrived on time, helped me move a piece of furniture out of a room I wanted to have cleaned, and the price was VERY reasonable. Heads and shoulders above the rest! My white carpets are actually white now! I will highly recommend their services to all my friends.. When my world traveled seasoned date boasted of this superb restaurant he knew, I was intrigued. He wanted to take me to a corner of the world where the dishes were entirely authentic. That I would be wowed by the amazing food. Where the staff was incredibly accommodating and hailed from Peru. 

I smiled when I heard the name of the restaurant. It wasn't a secret! I'd had the great fortune of visiting before with some other Yelpers. Of course I was in! And I knew *exactly* what I wanted to order. This time I knew where the restaurant was (a nondescript shopping center) and we took advantage of the fine Phoenix weather to sit outside. The tables are smaller outside, more for 1-2 people, and worked wonderfully for quiet conversation. (A folk band ended up playing that night, and a large group had booked the majority of the restaurant. Powerpoint presentation and all!)

I ordered in quick succession the Aji de Gallina (shredded chicken in a spicy cream sauce) and we shared the Papa Rellenas (stuffed potatoes). For a beverage I went with the Chicha Morada (made out of purple corn). There was no room for dessert. And there were bountiful amounts of food to box up. (Oof! Best leftovers *ever*!) These two dishes are amazing. I would order them again and again. And again. And right now. (Shhh!)

The chicken is spicy, but not so hot that you need to desperately gulp water down. It's rich in a way that's rewarding. Cheese, garlic, nuts and Peruvian chili peppers are blended with cream to fill that belly. Served with white rice. The stuffed mashed potatoes are large (more than an orange) and filled with ground beef and sweet raisins.

A delightful treasure of a restaurant without any pretentious formalities. 

Oh! Oh! Note: The restaurant is BYOB if you're interested. There is a $5 corkage fee per bottle.. My parents took my daughters and me here for dinner on Mother's Day. The food here is so very good!! The portions are very big. We had the mussels and chicken wings ( for the girls) as appetizers. The mussels were perfectly cooked, not tough or chewy. Plus the portion was very large for the price. If you ordered this dish on the strip, you would easily pay triple the amount at least. Ask for extra bread to mop up the amazing sauce that's on the mussels. The flavor is unbelievable. The chicken wings were very flavorful too. We also had chicken parmigiana, baked ziti, chicken francese, and a pizza. All very delicious and again ample portions. You will bring home leftovers. Try this place. You won't be disappointed. On a side note, my parents have been back several times since the Mothers's Day visit and my mother really likes one of the desserts, the Italian cheesecake. They went on a Sunday and they were out. My mother told the owner that they were coming back to eat there for their anniversary ( which was just a few days away) he told her he would have it for her. When they returned a few days later, he was true to his word and had the Italian cheesecake for her. Very nice family run restaurant.. I ended up going by here because I thought they were opened on a Monday; turns out I was wrong, but one of the salon stylists was there and very nicely said I may find the Owner, Tawnya next door at Nutrition Head 2 Toe because she and her husband, Vince owned that store too.  I went over but Michelle had just taken a group into a boot camp class.  I did get to talk with Vince who was so pleasant and easy to talk to.  He even tried to call her cell while she was in the class which I told him not to disturb here.  Anyway, she called me back that same night after she got home from a full day at work (like 8:30 pm) talk about great client or potential client communication!  She scheduled to do a pedicure for me.  I had read on Yelp about her creative style and that cannot be denied.  She painted a stained glass look using different polishes on my nails (it took a long time) but she looked like she was enjoying her work and who doesn't love a pedicure.  She also did a soak off gel manicure and used glitter on them.  Glitter is the best.  Looks so cool but not too over the top.  I'm only in Scottsdale for a few months but I can tel ll you back home in Massachusetts, they don't have this glitter stuff yet.  The west coast is always ahead of the east (style wise).  I haven't had my hair done there so can't comment on that, cut can say Tawnya is the sweetest person.  She is a pro bikini fitness competitor and I'm a figure competitor so we shared some stories.  It's great to talk with someone who shares your passion for fitness (exercise, eating, rest) and so on.. The only reason it has 4 stars is because we got to pass up the 200 people line because our friend lies about getting into med school. LOL. And LMAFO was performing live. And our friend that we did not know was there had bottle service.

But as a general admission point of view I would hate it. Do not wear uncomfortable shoes. You will be in them all night. The bouncers will yell at you if you take them off. Also, the club gets CROWDED so the dance floor is packed. There is a smaller room upstairs you can go to do chill out for a few. That is a plus.

All in all nice club. But it literally is LAX but larger.. Dined here with my sister during her visit to Pittsburgh. Wine list was amazing. Service was excellent- actually some of the best service I've ever experienced. Food was top-notch, both classic and inventive. A bit pricey but totally worth it. Great for a special occasion.. I have always liked Cartel since living in Tempe. But not that I live in Phoenix I am glad there is one closer to me, I am also happy that they extended their hours. The coffee is great and the food is pretty good too. I had a veggie breakfast burrito the other day and I have to say it was really good. 

They are committed to awesome coffee and I love that.. I am a fan of Halo Piercing.  I have had 3 piercings over the last 10 years and 2 of the 3 have been at Halo.  Had I know about Halo earlier in life I would have got my 1st one there too.  

The staff was very professional.  They talked me through the whole thing, step by step. The inside of Halo is cleaner than most doctor's offices and they take pride in their line of work.  

The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they do not pierce anyone under 18 years old.  This is unfortunate as I called Halo piercing to pierce my 3 year old daughters ears.  I asked if they would do it if I brought in my drivers license and her birth certificate so they would know I was her mother, and they still said no.  

I hope that one day they change this policy.  But, I can also respect their professionalism.  I know when my daughter is 14, and goes into Halo to get pierced, they wont do it.   And, that is comforting.. Need a stylists come see my bestie Maurees, or book him online at www.wondroushair.com 
Book today and come and see this amazing stylist.. I got a great haircut here, and had a lovely salon experience as well. I was in Vegas for work and decided I needed a haircut immediately. You know the feeling when your hair is fine one day and then suddenly becomes too annoying to deal with, so you just run out and chop it off? No? Is that just me? 

Anyway, I purchased my first Groupon Now, called the salon, and got the last appointment of the day. When I arrived, the salon was pretty quiet, and my stylist, Tessa, was just finishing up with her earlier client. The salon has a really cool feel to it and is super cute and trendy inside. When it was my turn, Tessa really took the time to talk about what I wanted and to make sure she understood my requests. She did a great job doing exactly what I asked for, and suggesting, in a totally non-pushy way, some alterations to make my hair look cute. Tessa was also a total sweetheart, and she was easy to chat with, which is the part of hair appointments I usually dread because it feels so forced and superficial. Not here! 

In the end, my hair looks better even than I was expecting, and I've been getting a ton of compliments on it!  I've even had good luck styling it myself, which I usually take as a sign that I received an excellent cut. I only wish I lived closer or made more frequent trips to Vegas so I could return to this salon!. Best cleaners in town!  Fast and inexpensive.  Friendly too!  Why can't everyplace be this same way.  A real treasure if you live near it like we do!. Okay Andy shout out to you! You go with your bad self!! I got so many compliments on my nails this past week! New clients!! So get ready! Make them stunned by the beauty work you do,! My husband was just wowed by my nails we are going to go get pedicures and he's picky about his feet getting done!! Anyways my experience with Andy at Euphoria was amazing I was offered water a nice sitting place to rest!! One thing I hate at nail salon's is that smell but no not here it smelled like fresh like I was the first client! My son went with me and was talked to politely and was handed a coloring book!! Ahhh I felt ....well we felt pampered! My sister got a gold set done and they look beautiful as well! I just want to say Andy and Tanya should be Vegas first pick!. I've been many outlets in CA but this place is in my top 5!
First of all, they have l'occitane outlet!!! Usually, I go the store and see their skincare products and just go. I can't buy because of the price!!!
but this place, maybe you can find something affordable!
I enjoyed Cosmetic Company Outlet,too!
they have stila,clinique,mac,bobbi brown and estee...it's luckey if you can find something, because they have only limited selection and color.. I can't tell you how impressed I was with Mona.  From the minute we connected she didn't even want to take my money.  I had just lost over a thousand dollars on two other psychics that month who may or may not have just used my weakness for an extreme  financial windfall. I still didn't get any firm answers concerning court litigation I've been battling for two years against an ex husband who is hell bent on leaving me penniless.  But Mona immediately knew at this time it was not spending more money on a psychic I needed.  Instead she advised me to spend every day before the upcoming court case in one on one talks over a lighted prayer candle with my angels and God- preferably in a church setting.  And to come see her after the case is resolved.  How great is that-someone who cares enough to not charge a dime for advice.  I'll be calling her with what I hope is some good news at the end of the month. Thanks Mona. The food is pretty good here and the prices are very reasonable.  It's my boyfriends favorite new Mexican spot.  Me, I'm a burrito girl and they have several different types on the menu but not exactly what I was looking so they have always made special accommodations for me and that's worth coming for.  The cheese sauce on my burrito makes it out of this world but their salsa is rather bland and I love cilantro in mine.  I always ask for pico and they happily bring it so I can add to my salsa for extra flavor.  The staff is very cheerful and personable.. As a local I love coming to Silverton the casino is a relaxing atmosphere and I must add smells great not at all like most casinos with the musty cigarette smell. There aren't many annoying drunk tourists which is the best part. I've stayed here a few nights as well and felt right at home. 

Plenty of slots to choose from and the cocktail waitresses are outstanding Myumi and Shiela I must say provide above and beyond outstanding customer service. I come to play simply because they make me feel welcome and as I am a VIP player. 

Always happy coming to Silverton except one Sunday night a few weeks ago I was disappointed for the first time. One cocktail waitress for the whole casino and one fairly rude bartender who gave me attitude when I simply asked for a drink and told her I've been playing almost two hours without being served by the cocktail waitress. Other than that outstanding staff and work ethic by all others I've encountered. Keep it up guys.. I literally just got home from an appointment with Audra for a Brazilian wax and could not wait a minute longer to rave about her! Seriously the best waxing experience ever. I am still shocked by how quick and relatively painless it was. Do not look anywhere else! You will not be disappointed!!

Located in the Bloom Studios.. My favorite place to go for fish tacos.  They are delicious.  I haven't liked the other items I've tried as much, but the fish tacos keep me coming back on a regular basis.. I love trying new coffee shops when I'm visiting Phoenix, so checked out Yelp's latest and greatest. I honestly chose "Be" because (no pun intended) for the cute decor and furnishings. 

When I got in the green logo on the cups looked familiar . I didn't know where I had seen it until I sat down and overheard who I think was one of the owners being interviewed by a lady and he explained that they had something to do with Royal at the Market and then it clicked . I think they had those cups there ! 

The cashier / Barista was super friendly and shook my hand when meeting him. My only complaint was that he completely forgot to make our drinks so it took about 10 mins without anyone else ahead of us. He did redeem himself however by giving us free coffee cards for next time for the long wait .

I LOVE the space ! It is shared with Bison leather goods, Monorchid, and a cute succulent place with the calmest Boxer I have ever met . JB Snyder's work is on the wall and ties in the furnishings . So cute . The food also looked fantastic, but I didn't try it .. Wonderful selection of unique pieces to enhance your existing wardrobe or you'll be sure to find a piece for a special occassion.  I've purchased 2 AMAZING dresses that I can't wait to wear when the right ocassion presents itself.  They have 2 "end of season" sales where items can be had for a fraction of the retail price.. Got my oil change and filters checked... out the door in about 20 min.  very nice service!. Love European Wax!! I've been to a 3 locations & I like them all. I have found a technician in each location that I like. This location is easy to get to for me & I hardly ever have to wait for my appointment. I've even been able to add on services once I get there. Front desk staff is very friendly & always smiling! All the technicians are nice too. Delilah is my favorite! She has a great personality, is quick & knows what she is doing!!! If your a local resident you can get a free wax too! (Not all services). My husband and I love this place! It's a great spot for Happy Hour. Can't beat the prices, Margaritas are $3.50 during happy hour and they are yummmmmy!   Plus they have a bunch of happy hour meals for $5. Their regular menu has decent prices as well. We typically sit up at the bar which is open seating and we are served immediately.   The staff is great, always so friendly and attentive.  We have never had a bad experience or bad food here.  Great place! Keep it up!. What I typically think about Qdoba is that it's just like Chipotle just not as good. I was in the mood for a burrito bowl and Qdoba was much closer than Chipotle so I thought I'd give them a chance. Pretty much all the same options as Chipotle. They offer brown rice as well, but I decided on white. 

Service was quick and satisfactory. Nothing amazing or noteworthy but it sufficed and I was in and out in less than five minutes. I took my meal home to eat and it was tasty and relatively healthy, depending on what you choose to eat. 

Overall the experience was a 3 1/2 star, but I rounded up for convenience sake. I have to remember that it's in the area, which I always seem to forget.. The best custard you've ever had. We're regulars there but had a very bad experience with the sales person.  1st she was very rude when we handed her our Amex card. Then she got the order wrong and when we mentioned that we wanted two cones instead of one, she snapped at us, and slammed the window in our face while going to get the cone, so we thought. She returned with still the wrong item, "did"say thank you, but just slammed the window again without even taking our money for the "still :-(wrong" item.  We couldn't even pay her or tell her it wasn't what we ordered.  We were shocked at her attitude and we're afraid to even eat the ice cream for fear she may have spit in it!
Wow!!!  Customer service she is not!!!!  
  Still the "best custard place" and we will continue to indulge at Mr d's despite her very, very, very poor service...... Came for Valentine's Day with a RSVP. Got sat right away but had a really bad seat. Good was good. Calamari was tender. My seafood pasta was so good. Husbands scallops was melt in your mouth!!. I did a little research here on Yelp before scheduling my first appointment with Ami for a color and haircut. I am new to the area and have never been to a Fantastic Sam's and was, quite honestly, a little nervous.
Well, ALL my fears were put to rest (immediately) when I met Ami! She is as cute & personable as she is TALENTED and, needless to say, I was VERY satisfied with my hair when I left!
I will absolutely be returning to Ami for my next Cut/Color and would not hesitate to recommend her. You'll be just as glad you found her as I am! Thanks, Ami!!. SUSHI KAYA!!! My favorite sushi bar in Vegas, hands down. Everything I've came here their's most likely a wait BUT I'd rather wait 30 mins for a seat then go to any other tacky place! The Sushi here is amazing! They have All you can eat, so it's ideal for someone with a empty stomach. I recommend The rolls: Sex Bomb, California Dream Roll, Who's Your Daddy, & Jackpot! Service is good also!. We've picked up takeout a few times and had them deliver once.  The pizza is really very good.  I like their thin crust, it's nice and crispy and the sauce has a good flavor.  My husband tried the chicken parm today, it's a big sandwich with nice quality chicken and he thought it was delicious.  After our first pie, we decided that the pizza was somewhere between MA and NJ style pie, it turns out the owner is from CT.

Delivery was fast but they have good parking here and it's incredibly convenient to be able to run into the grocery store around the corner while you're waiting.

It's a typical store front pizza place with a limited menu, nothing fancy.  The pizza is 18" and freezes/reheats perfectly.  As with most places, the slices from  a full pizza are better than the slices sold individually so you're better off getting a whole pizza - at least the first time.. I've been here dozens of times and this restaurant is one of those where I'll keep returning, if only for the schnitzel on a bun.

Granted, their spaetzle is bland on its own.. all noodles are.. so I like to confound the staff by ordering a size of spaetzle with saurbraten sauce.. so yummy!  I do love the saurbraten meal, but I realized it's the sauce that I love about it mostly.

Their warm potato salad and red cabbage side dishes are always on my order, love them both.

But, back to my schnitzel on a bun.. they only have it on their lunch menu but you can order it any time you want.  As a refugee from Iowa, I grew up on pork tenderloin sandwiches.. this is as close to the Iowa experience as I've found.  You eat it like a burger, and choose your toppings accordingly.  My only complaint is the mustard... as a German restaurant, they only have the brown mustard as an option.  But, mustard aside, it's something that I have to have periodically and only Cafe Heidelberg can fix this craving.

Oh, and my German husband?  Yes, he LOVES this restaurant and absolutely everything on their menu.  :-). Pleasantly surprised! I stayed here for a conference and everything was better than I expected. Apparently, this is where a lot of the locals go since drinks are cheap. The main problem with the hotel is that it is about 8 miles south of the strip. Pros are that the rooms are clean, the hotel is very reasonably priced for Vegas, and they have lots of amenities so that you don't really need to leave the hotel (movie theater, bowling, etc). Probably be a good place if you are traveling with kids. So if you don't mind being away from the hustle and bustle, this is a great option!. 5 stars all over for these guys. Seriously, they are the best in the Limo industry. 

We used Presidential Limo three times during our wedding extravaganza. The first time was to picked us up at the airport. It was a surprise for Jesse and my family. Everybody were amazed with the limo, the complimentary bottle of champagne, and how cool our driver was. He even tied all the baggage compartment because we had too many bags. It looked so ghetto but we didn't care.  Our driver was so awesome, I seriously wanted us to be BFF. 

The second time we used them was for us to go to the Courthouse to pick up our license. We rented the Lincoln Towncar. Our second driver was so tall (feel bad that I forgot their names) and he's so funny. He told us stories of Las Vegas on the way there. When we got there, he walked us to the door of the courthouse. That way we didn't get bother by these people who stand around outside the courthouse to try to sell you chapel packages. After that, he dropped us off at Monte Carlo. It was a nice ride and worth the extra money.

The third time was for after reception party tour bus. I rented the party bus to take us up and down the strip. We stopped by at The Las Vegas sign and we took tons of pictures there. The bus was fun. Complimentary champagne were flowing and they also have bottle water. The bus has a strip pole in it. Fun fun fun. The only downside was they only have radio stations instead of ipod plug in or anything like that. The party bus was definitely the highlight of the night.

We recommend Presidential Limo to everybody we know and anyone who's visiting Las Vegas. It's a little bit more than cabs, but since cabs in Vegas long haul everybody like crazy mine as well pay extra for comfort, cleanliness, and fun ride.. Really good bbq. Pretty much the best I've had. Only complaint is standing in line outside until you get to the ordering area. Get there early because when they run out, it's over. Desert Shores Community is a great spot to walk, run, bike, or socialize with ducks and geese.
I run or bike here from my house often and I like the wide bike lanes that wind around the lakes here.  There are huge trees for shade on hot days.  There are ducks that meander around, not just at the water's edge, but you'll find them crossing the streets, too, so look out!  It's a popular area for people of all ages doing their daily walks with dogs or each other, too.
You can enter the community at several places including:  
- Lake Mead Blvd. at Mariner Drive (near Buca di Beppo)
- Lake Mead Blvd. at Harbor Island Drive (near Nevada State Bank)
- Buffalo Dr. and Regatta Dr. (across the street from Babystacks Cafe)
The lake usually has kids feeding ducks and people fishing.  There are benches for one to sit and enjoy the scenery.
I highly recommend this area if you want to enjoy some time outdoors with scenic views, to commune with water fowl, and to get your heart rate up.. XS last night was so awesome!!! My friends and I decided on a random trip to Vegas and XS made it a success!! Thanks to Gia who got us in with complimentary drinks--we had a ball! Met some cool people from all over and danced till we dropped!. I love this Paymons much better than the other one. The staff are fun and attentive and they have great customer service skills. The food is also amazing. I enjoy spending my Saturday night here !!!. I love when restaurants clearly have a specialty, you just know that they focus on that one thing and do it right. La Chilenita is all about the empanadas, and man, are they ever good!

La Chilenita has 3 locations around the plateau, but I like this one the best because you can watch them make all the empanadas. Everything from flattening out the dough to wrapping them up. 

La Chilenita has a great variety of fillings for their empanadas, and about half are vegetarian. So far I've tried 3 kinds and they've all been delicious. I've also tried their churrasco sandwich, which was amazing, too. I may just have to try their burrito next.

For about $6 you can have a great lunch at La Chilenita , but unfortunately they close at 6pm (at least on weekdays). I found that out the hard way when I tried to pick up some dinner after work!

Update: They just posted summer hours, they close at 4pm now! This is definitely a lunch spot.. I keep coming back :) Only disappointed that they do not have their frozen oranges after the meal to cleanse your palette!. I went there for my birthday with a couple of friends. I was very impressed with the decor of the restaurant and liked the ambiance of it. I especially enjoyed the chairs which were so comfortable to sit in. I shared the bone marrow appetizer with my friends and loved the contrast of the bone marrow with the accompanying seasonings. The main entree I ordered was the wagyu steak and it was cooked perfectly. I would give this place a 5/5 if it was not for the extremely late reservations that they offered me. Other than that, I would recommend this to anyone!. I can't imagine taking our ferrets to any other vet. We live about half an hour away from Aloha, but it is worth it to find a good ferret vet. Dr. Jason and Dr. Jamie really know what they're doing and go the extra mile to find out reasons for an illness. 

I have one ferret we call Naughty Rocket who has adrenal disease and has been aggressive toward the girls even after surgery. Dr. Jason found a great medication to keep Rocket on to suppress those awful male hormones. And this is not a common medication for ferrets. He really had to dig! 

They always answer our questions in a timely manner and actually remember us when we come in for an appointment. It is hard to find a good ferret vet, so we are so grateful to have been recommended Aloha by a friend.. One thing about dropping your phone is the whole screen cracking! And mine actually went through it! I was so devastated! I didn't know what to do, I was actually thinking about buying a new phone but my dumb self didn't think about having the screen fixed! So I checked this place out they gave me as much discount as I could get which was good but all in all they fixed my phone and I was more than happy! My phone looked brand new, no scratches or cracks on the screen!. Let me preface this review to say that I am a licensed Massage Therapist, in town (on the strip) for a few days. I have been a MT for over a decade, and know what to expect from a quality, professional therapist. 

My session with Ariana, Now and Zen Mobile Massage was fantastic! She is very professional, knows what she is doing and has a great quality of touch. You can really tell she enjoys her job, and was very present.
If I lived here in Vegas, I would see her regularly!

Her rates are low, even for national standards, but her quality and effectiveness are anything but standard. AND, she doesn't accept gratuities. I had a hard time with not tipping her, but she insists. :-) 

Being a mobile massage company, she only does out calls. I was afraid that she might not offer sessions at the big hotels on the strip (because it is so much more work), but she had no problem at all coming to Paris, where we are staying.

Getting an appointment was a breeze, via email. She even helped us with dinner recommendations. :-)

If you need more reviews for Ariana, visit her website, she has an entire page of testimonials!

 A+, 5 stars, 2 thumbs up :-). I have been to the Tag's in North Phoenix, so I was excited to see if this West side one is good as the original.  

Been to this location twice, once with a group of 12 for dinner and once with my husband for lunch.  Both times we had great food and excellent service.  Had the chicken fettuccine for dinner and had the chicken parmesan sandwich for lunch.  YUM for both visits.  

Going back soon!. We ate there last night, started with Pork Belly, had the bone in Ribeye and baked potato.  Then finished with the Sticky Toffee Pudding! It was wonderful, the service was amazing, I am happy we chose this restaurant, great food!. So we just went here to see our friends art exhibit. (who is showing the entire month of June - you must go see Jeremy Mcmurtry's display & purchase some of his cool art pieces) Shameless plug for a friend! But on to the Film Bar... cool place, nice vibe & had good beer offerings. We were there on 1st Friday & when I checked in on Yelp they had a discount 2 for 1 tap beer... when I showed the bartender she said they normally don't give those discounts on 1st Fridays but she would honor it for us since it was our 1st time (& I think the whole Yelp review played a part), but either way we thought it was a cool thing to do. We only visited with friends & enjoyed the atmosphere - we did not take part in film watching. However, we are excited & looking forward to seeing some independent films here, we had no idea a venue like this existed & are stoked to enjoy some fine art sometime soon! I'll be back to tell you more then.. I was very pleased  with the service I received from Go Kayak Arizona. We had a great time paddling at Lake Pleasant. Jared was very helpful with all of our kayaking needs.It was affordable for our whole family.  We highly recommend paddling with Go Kayak Arizona.. OMG I need this place in Tampa!!!

I was visiting Scottsdale and went there on a Friday night. This might be one of the coolest places I have ever been to! What a creative idea and I bet they make millions. 

This is definitely not your average driving range. It is two stories and is a bar. Each section is like a VIP area with couches, table and your own section to golf. 

I've never been to a place like this, only seen it on tv and I am highly impressed! 

First, the service was great and attentive. We received everything fast without any issues. I was drinking and not eating but my group ordered various things from burger to salad and everyone was satisfied. 

The range overlooks a beautiful view of the Talking Stick casino. The computer calculates how well you do so you can play for fun or actually compete. You have to pay to play. I believe $30 or more. I wasn't playing much but I hit a few times and not bad for a newby.

Overall this is a great fun spot that also has music and it's a great place to hang out with your friends! I can't wait to go back!. So, I usually come here with my girlfriend, as she has the green thumb.  It's a very tranquil place to come and walk around, they have a large selection of trees (large and small), small plants, pots, flowers, food plants, gardening equipment, seeds, etc. The staff has always been super helpful and they also have gift certificates available.. Cute place for brunch or a treat from the bakery -- 

You get into line and as you get closer to the cashier, you'll be asked if you're eating in. If take out, you stay in line. If eating in, the server will clear a table for you and bring you menus with the sandwich/salad options (not sure if you can order those items for take out, or only the pastries/bakery items). 

Our food:
Brunch on the Plank: orange juice, croissant, eggs benedict on a choux pastry with smoked salmon, brioche "nanterre" with caramel sauce, mini fruit cup. The OJ was wonderful, definitely freshly squeezed. I didn't try the eggs benedict since the portion was so small - he said it was good, though the hollandaise sauce was different than the norm. The caramel sauce for the brioche was delicious and decadent. Fruit cup was mostly pineapple and melon.

Crab/lobster salad on a choux pastry: amazing presentation and decent chunks of lobster meat evident, but the choux pastry itself didn't taste fresh. 

The croissant from the brunch on the plank was delicious enough that we ordered another - note that they are more soft/flaky than crispy.

Lemonade: too tart for me

Total was $42 with taxes, before tip.. Great store!  The service is impeccable and the selection is awesome.  Granola shoes, fancy shoes, they have it all.  The drawbacks are they are so popular, it's busy and noisy, and they can quickly run out of your size.  Well behaved dogs can come in and try on shoes too.

I must have tried on 15 shoes, anything that caught my eye, and finally found a pair I had to have.  Yes, they were expensive, but with no tax on clothes or shoes in PA, in a way I got a 10% discount buying them at Little's instead of in California.  

If you find something you love, I bet they could order it for you.  If I lived there, I'd be in Little's all the time, trying on beautiful shoes.  It reminds me of the locally owned shoe store I went to as a kid, with the amazing customer service and attention.. Came in late last August and had the Classique along with some Boreale on tap. Food was tasty if very heavy and the beer was great but the service was tops - our waitress seated and served us quickly, my date and I were tired from the long drive and check-in process and she took good care of us and told us to try two different varieties of Boreale (I loved the Red!). The gravy was perfect and the curds were delicious - this was the best poutine that I sampled in Montreal.. Jay is the best. He made wonderful suggestions on what product I needed. Thank you for such great prices and help! -Christa. This is probably in my top 4 favorite pizza places in Charlotte. Its as close to real New York style pizza as you can possibly get in this city. It's very unassuming as it sits in a strip mall but go in, and you know its going to be legit. 

They have a pretty extensive menu too, past just pizza's they have wings (that we'd like to try), entrees, and desserts. Other than just their regular slices, they have this one called a "Stuffed Slice" and seriously, one slice is enough for a family! Its stuffed with pepperoni, meatballs, sausage, and bacon and its a meat lovers dream. 

My only downfall with this place is they clearly get a lot of delivery or pick up calls or something because when we go in, we definitely find ourselves waiting for a pretty decent amount of time before we get our food. Also, they're closed on Sundays, which is just ridiculous for a pizza place, but, it is what it is. If you're looking for New York style pizza, come here.. The suites are ginormous - and the luxury bathrooms are to die for. Deep bathtubs, standalone showers, beautiful marble... lots of closet space... and great room service and customer service.

I absolutely adored this hotel.. Good sandwiches.  Busy around 12.. I got several quotes to lay porcelain wood look tile throughout my home and I went with specialized because their prices are great and Rolando and crew are hands down great guys. We had 1K sf of existing tile to demo and 1400sf of 6x36 porcelain planks to lay down.  Their crew is super detailed, friendly, and clean up after themselves every night. They definitely have pride in their work and it shows in the details. The job took a little longer than expected because the floor was a bit uneven but they didn't compromise on quality. I've been raving about them to anyone who will listen and have so many compliments on my floors. Hands down would recommend to anyone needing floors done!. I've done the London bus 2 times now and it is such a fun night out with friends. The first time I went to the downtown pub crawl and the second time I did the Scottsdale pub crawl and both were equally as fun, in different ways. The bus rides to each spot might be my favorite part of it all, as you are allowed to drink on board, and we always have such a blast! There is a surprise factor- you don't find out where you are going until the night of, and I think that makes it kind of exciting. They provide free beer and girly bottled drinks on the bus, and there are different drink promotions at the bars that you stop at too, so prepare to get drunk! (if that's your thing) ;) Highly recommend the London bus for a super fun celebration, or even just because!. Love the casual retro 70's atmosphere here! Shag carpets, wood-framed furniture, quaint and soothing waterwheel, comfy booths and mini white lights complete the cheesily charming vibe. The background soundtrack is set at just the right volume level to allow a conversation to bloom, with hip and retro cool selections (by my own "pushing-fifty" standards).  And the food is pretty darn good too ... Awesome fried zucchini was light and perfectly cooked, burgers are flavorful and cooked to order, and the succulent onion rings are a must try!   On the evening we were there, Danny, the chef, was also our server, and he had his hands full, but still delivered outstanding food with equal service.. DEFINITELY WORTH THE DRIVE
We found our way here by accident last year and made a point of going back this year. Everything is delicious that we have ordered. Pork carnitas skillet was perfection. Apple cinnamon pancakes were delicious as was the often-mentioned banana nut muffin. Come hungry or share...they are generous with their portions.. critical people to have in one's life....(1) spouse; (2) pet (1 & 2 might be interchangeable); (3) dr/dentist, auto mechanic AND computer guru.

for the latter, Simon and Computer Doctor BG is the MAN! 

pc or apple/mac, simon knows his stuff...and is fair and responsive.  not that i want tech problems, but when i do, i now have a "go-2-guy".  Thanks, Simon!. Very clean, nicely decorated and friendly servers. Sooo far best thai place northeast las vegas good service lovely ladys and a good atmosphere will be coming back forsure &(best of all quality food &great prices). Wow, if you need lots of produce, this is THE place for you.  I feed 3 desert tortoises and boy do I save $$ at this place.  I did hear through a friend that during the winter you can't even get in the parking lot....better take advantage of this place while the snowbirds are away.. Yelp Talkin'
I read Las Vegas' Yelp Talk threads now mainly for comedy relief when I'm really bored but, once in a while, useful tips actually pop up. A recent one revolved around breakfast/brunch places and Kailyn's was suggested by Emily R.  I read her review and that of Shirley B.'s, both Yelp friends with great taste, so a few of us ventured over for Saturday breakfast.  Our group of seven was greeted heartily by the chef/owner Robert and wife Carolyn, who also waited on us.  This small restaurant is located in the shopping plaza on the northeast corner of Tropicana and Pecos. The diner was featured on Spike TV's reality show "Hungry Investors" and won a make-over, so we were informed by Chef Robert that the place looks nothing like what it did when they took over the space a year ago.
I had the kalbi steak and egg breakfast, but we all shared a number of other dishes. 
The standouts: 
       High Roller Tater Tots- who doesn't love tater tots even if they're not that good for you?  Sometimes you have to live a little.  This unique version is one I'd definitely have again with truffle sea salt, cheddar cheese, kalbi, and green onion.  Share it with your favorite people because this is an ample serving for more than one person.
       Pumpkin Bread Pudding - I'm not one to order bread pudding AT ALL, but Ty shared his and darn if that wasn't delicious!  I believe this is a seasonal item. 
       Deep Fried Chocolate Chip Dough w/ Bacon - another unique item that we had to try.  One order comes with 3 balls of fried sweetness.  They're good, but rich, so it may not be everyone.  That doesn't include me.
       Kalbi steak and egg whites with white rice - I thought the kalbi in the tater tots dish was better than the kalbi in my breakfast; I think it needed a little more time on the grill for my taste, but it was still decent.  The order comes with 3 pieces of kalbi, 2 eggs any style, and white rice. I had to take leftovers home because I was too full from tasting everyone's dishes.
       This family owned business has a lot of heart and the menu has other unique items that I'd like to try for lunch.  Thank you to Robert, Carolyn, and daughter Kailyn for making us feel so welcome (and so full) on our first visit.. So convenient! Plus, sipping on a tall chai latte while doing my grocery shopping prevents me from compulsive-hunger-purchases :)

Unfortunately they only have a small offering of pastries/foods, not the normal Starbucks cafe variety. No croissants, boo! Yes cake pops, yay! Still, it's hard to maneuver a grocery cart with a drink in one hand and a pastry in the other, so I normally pass anyway. 

They have 1 or 2 people manning the station, which means the wait can be quite extensive if you happen to get there when there's a crowd, but you also might get lucky and be the only one!. I had just bought the Grease soundtrack and vinyl and was high on life when I walked into the Record Shak Record Shop, clutching the record for dear life. I was with a friend of mine who's also really into records. There's a great range of pop, funk, rock and jazz music, but sadly no hip hop or r&b. There's nothing new here and its clientele are older record collectors. Not to say I have any objections at all to old records. I'm dying to get my greedy hands on some Elvis. But I'd also like the option of getting some De La Soul or Handsome Boy Modelling School. 

It's on Nicolson Street, right next to the Apothecary. The guy who works there had good suggestions, and an encyclopaedic knowledge of music, without being pretentious about it. Definitely a place to stop by if you're into your records.. This place has a really nice atmosphere. The food is really great and we received excellent service. The place is nicely decorated and good margaritas.. Popped in for an almond croissant. A denser croissant than most, but still very yummy. Really high quality ingredients.. I have to admit, this is my first shabu shabu meal, but it was REALLY good! The beef is well marbled, the veggies fresh with ample refills & the scallops were FABULOUS! I have yet to find a sushi place that  sells scallops of such high quality for such a good price. I got a combo plate & had at least 10+ good sashimi-sized slices of tender, sweet scallop. Though you can cook it, I had mine with soy sauce & wasabi as recommended [both here and by the waitress]. It's totally the way to go, guys, so don't waste precious time cooking these bad boys & just eat them straight. I didn't sample any of the sake, and the only beer they have on hand is Sapporo. I drank multiple cups of genmai tea, which is brown rice & green tea- it was tasty, as well, having a toastier, nuttier flavor than regular green tea. The meal includes; a plate full of your meat of choice [also a vegetarian option available], salad (free refills), a plate of veggies with; cabbage, green onion, carrot, tofu & tofu noodles [free refills also]. We had icecream at the end, mine topped with green tea powder- others that had it agreed that it should have been more of a syrup. I liked it, but I like most anything involving green tea, so I'm biased. It's a bit out of the way, but it's worth making the trip. They also serve kobe and wagyu beef, and several appetizers, all of which I would like to try. Check it out, and get the scallops!. If you haven't tried George's empanadas, you're missing half of your life! Definitely the Empanada King of Las Vegas!. This place is great.  I came in with 4 other people to get pedicures.  They have a ton of massage chairs and we were able to all have our pedicures at the same time.  They brought us wine and when they heard it was one of our birthdays, they even parlayed a birthday song.  

We visited on 3/20 and I waited to write the review to make sure the pedicure lasted and it is still going strong.

I would recommend this place based on the pleasant staff and quality work.. The best fresh donuts on this planet!! I've been buying donuts from Dee's for about 4 years. When I share a dozen with fellow co-workers they are amazed how good they are and always ask where did I get them! Dee's of course!!!. Kylie is an awesome employee. She went out of her way to make a shake when they were just about out of ice cream. Amazing shakes! Great food! GREAT SERVICE.. Very nice cozy spot! Went for brunch and it was worth the $22. I would definitely return and recommend it . The food was delish, I'm not a fan on buffets but everything was fresh hot and yummy. Eggs and fresh toast made to order! Yummy to my tummy!. Think Chipotle meets pizza, this place was delicious! 

Oh and their southwest salad was amazing

We will DEFINITELY eat here again. 

Ps, did I mention the great customer service? 

5 stars all around. Excuse me while I put on some elastic waist pants and head back for round two.... There is only ONE spot to go on a Monday night in Charlotte for live music!  It does not get better than the Double Door Inn!  There is a cover but it is worth it!  The bluesy music, electic mix of people, rustic bar and of course the PINBALL machine in the back make this spot a MUST DO!  Love you Double Door!!. By far the best pho in town! Oxtail pho... Not on the regular menu. The owner is a young handsome chef with major skills in the kitchen!. Love this place. Great friendly service, good food, good value. I just wish it was bigger. There's nowhere to sit when it's busy, and they need to work on wiping off the tables in the dining area more often.. Working close by was a benefit, but now that I've moved I still find time to stop by and have some tacos. Staff is friendly and restaurant is clean.. Where do I begin?? This place is definitely five stars across the board. The sushi is beyond outrageous, the ambiance is fantastic, the place is immaculate . The service is impeccable.. Every single server especially Danielle make you feel so welcomed. Bartenders know their craft for sure .. Especially Brian, his Cosmo is something to write home about!!!! Happy Hour can't be beat. The second you walk in the hostesses are cheery. What else can I say? I am an " import" from Ft. Lauderdale,  Florida... so I feel as if I discovered America. 





Ok once again visited this awesome place. The new bartender Josie is outrageous ... Seriously her Cosmo is to die for. The server Kristen is top shelf. Even the bus staffer named Gregg is the nicest guy on the planet ! What a find he is . Truly all three make quite a combination . Can't say enough great things about all three.. We were tired, hungry and getting a bit jaded with flashy Vegas restaurants. We went to Umami because everything else in SLS was either closed or unappealing.

We were seated in a booth that was comfortable and immediately greeted by a refreshing friendly voice and face. Our waitress AJ was a breath of fresh air. She gave us plenty of menu advice and time. She was genuinely concerned with our enjoyment of our experience. 

We didn't want to watch basketball on our booth TV. As soon as we let someone know we'd prefer hockey, the game was switched. 

The food:  ahi burger - amazing!  Big, well seasoned and perfectly cooked. Throwback burger - solid traditional burger, substantial amount of beef and a very tasty bun. Truffle burger - just excellent, a wonderful grown-up mix of flavors. 

A choice of three sauces plus house made ketchup is offered up to the table - these were a great compliment to everything we ordered including the tempura battered onion rings, cinnamon seasoned sweet potato fries and truffle fries. 

Then there are the cocktail and beer selection. Amazing!  Try the Le Freak brewed by Green Flash!

I'll sum up the experience like this: this is the only restaurant in Vegas we went to twice during our trip. Loved the drinks, the food and especially the staff. Go there!. Amazing experience and thanks to Damon for his wonderful guidance and coaching. And Tara for making sure we were all taken care of and set up. 
They are great people and so nice....thank you for everything.. After two years in the desert, Bear and I have to leave. Words fail me to convey how very grateful I am that Jenn and Bear's Uncle John have been in our lives.  Always willing to rescue me when Bear needed a place to hang out for a few hours when my Mom had a medical issue or cranky pants roommate was on a tear.  They've been so much more than groomer or even family - they simply have been the best kind of friend - friends with loving hearts no matter what.  Bear and I will miss them terribly but forever will remember our angels, Jenn and Uncle John, and wish for them every blessing  throughout their lives as they have blessed ours.. Had dinner here with a friend while we were hanging out at Town Square.  It's a bit pricey, but the food is so good.  During my visit, I had an iced tea and lamb pita.  Ordering was quick and easy and food was delivered promptly. They also bus the table so you can rest easy and it's so awesome they have free wifi.  Don't forget to ask for taziki sauce with your pita!. they always greet every customer here. I almost didn't give this a 5 star rating, but if I consider all my visits and the normal customer service, I can't let today spoil the overall good impression I have.  

While I was checking in to Yelp ( you get $5 off too), I took a few pics of the lobby, and I noticed the ladies who work here whispering about me.  Then after the one walked away, the other one glanced at me from around her computer. I finally asked is there a problem...she said no...then followed up with a very unfriendly I was not supposed to take pictures in there. 
This was strange to me, but I could respect their wishes of course, but only wish she was more respectful about it.  Another worker told me this rule is only for the salon area, not the lobby anyway. 

Ok, other than that, the atmosphere is very relaxing...the chairs comfy....the place is clean and decorated very modern. Of course, the eyelash work they do is great!!  I usually use a different person each time I go, and only was unhappy twice...once when I used an apprentice, and once when a smoker did my lashes.  All the hand washing and gum can't hide the dirty ashtray smell smoking leaves behind. 

Anyway, I plan to continue to use them for many more years to come.. My expire nice for this restaurant is a 5 star rating because I really like there food- by cristopher. I bought my Forester at Camelback, but live closer to the Chandler Superstore. Needed to get a recall taken care of, I called Camelback and was treated very rudely. The gal I spoke with was not pleasant, nor was she helpful, in fact she told they didnt have the recall part in stock and i needed to call back. A couple days later I did call back and was told they DID have the part in the whole time. I scheduled my service for that Friday. A couple days went by and I was thinking, rather than drive all the way up to the Camelback store/service, I decided to come to Chandler, and thankfully so! They have been great. If I hadn't bought the lifetime oil changes from Camelback, I would have all my work exclusively done here!. My girlfriend and I both lived in Southern California and truly enjoyed eating at Souplantation locations in Encinitas, San Diego and Oceanside.  We recently, just in the past month, realized that Sweet Tomatoes was part of the chain of restaurants.  We were thrilled, to say the least. 

In the last month we have eaten lunch at the West Bell Road restaurant and just enjoyed the experience so much!  Food was very fresh and we top our meal off with the adorable tiny soft-serve ice cream cones.  YUMMY. 

Now for a small down-side at this location -- it's the entrance and the exit doors.  SO STRANGE!   When the interior was designed they did not do a very good job of placing the doors.  Granted it is an odd parking situation, so maybe it was the best they could do, but it feels ever so odd.  Can I live with it?  Oh my yes.  To have a great salad bar filled with so many choices that also includes Pizza, baked potatoes, a pasta bar, fresh baked breads and soup, oh, too good to let a little thing like how to get in and out keep me away. 

The lunch is truly the best value, in my opinion and if you sign-up for their email list, you receive discount coupons that save you even more money.  

So very pleased we found this Sweet Tomatoes location and will now look for others in the Phoenix area!. My favorite pasty has been, and always will be, the vegetarian chicken tikka masala. This is not to say that I don't enjoy the other pasties - because I do, very much. But I'll always love the Tikka. The filling tastes like it was made by a short and plump Indian woman, not the tattooed hipsters behind the bar. (I'm okay with that.)

The beer selection is great - including the brews on tap. Plus, $3 car bombs, always. $9-15 bucks later you're feeling like a champion, depending on your alcohol tolerance. 

If you show up with more than two people, plan on waiting a little for a table, or just sit at the bar. But you will enjoy yourself!. If anyone gives this place less than a 5 star I would be surprised. I have been several times and each time the food has been amazing!  The owner is a very sweet guy and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Love this place so much. Recommended to everyone!. The hotel is far off the strip but there is the monorail (5 bucks each way or 9$ if you buy round trip) good price and very convenient, you don't have to worry about traffic and all.  The Hotel itself is a little outdated but the rooms are kept really clean.   I'm not going to complain since we got the rooms comps and most meals too.  The hotel is very generous in their "players rewards."  The New Years eve party at the grand ballroom was awesome.....that was comps too.  So Hilton Las vegas to me deserves 5 stars!!!!!!. The filet was perfect. The wine, service and ambiance was perfect!! We will definitely return on our annual visit to Vegas!!. I've been meaning to come here for literally forever - my roommate had told me about this place and I had been meaning to take my mom here when she visited in November, but sadly, jardin Nelson is open seasonally and was already closed when my mom was here ):
I finally made it here (obviously) and the ambience is lovely. They have an back outdoor garden to sit in, with live jazz music playing, and an option of terrace seating, or an option of indoor seating. There were lots of plants and the atmosphere was casual yet classy. 
I came with a group of 7, which was great because we got to order different dishes and try each other's meal. 
After much deliberation between the rabbit crepe or the duck salad, I finally settled on the duck leg confit and salad, which was both beautifully presented and delicious as well. I tried my friends French onion soup, which was a very generous portion. It was very cheesy and a little heavy for me, but still very tasty! I also tried my friends seafood crepe which I found creamy and yummy. 
My other friend really enjoyed her salmon salad - it was very light and served with julienned leeks, rice vermicelli (and other things) 
Service was very good as well.

My only complaints are that I wish we could've been seated closer to the music (we could barely hear it), but it's understandable that we weren't because we were a pretty large party and seats were limited. I also feel that in my mind, I may have built up the food too much, because while it was delicious, it wasn't fantastically amazing (as I had imagined it to be in my head)
Still, the food is good, staff is friendly, and LOVE the garden - such a lovely setting - will definitely be back (probably with a smaller party so I can sit closer to the Jazz music). We ate here yesterday after the movies and it was awesome. Jessica our waitress was amazing suggested the holy shitake pizza for me and it was yummy!! My husband had the house special and he was very happy too. We had eaten here when it first opened and got very bad service and food... but not any more, glad we gave them a second chance. Excellent service and plenty of leftovers for today....delish!. Having dinner tonite and it is delicious as usual. They never disappoint. Service is excellent.   Atmosphere friendly and inviting. Love this place.. No joke.  Best breakfast in Vegas.  I crave this place.  I've been here so many times I know the waitstaff.  And I don't live in Vegas.  A must have after waking up in Vegas!  (and that can be rough)  But the chicken fried steak with eggs does the trick.. Yeah, so far Las Vegas has a great track record with me! Giving out five-star reviews left and right. Well, I don't mean to sound like the girl who yelped wolf, but Rosemary's definitely, DEFINITELY deserves five stars.

It's in a strip mall about 15 minutes away from the strip (first plus). The windows are tinted, almost black even, and you can't see inside from the outside. You walk in and it's this amazingly cozy, warm atmosphere, with servers dancing (not literally) around tables making everyone's evening as pleasant as possible.

I came here with my husband, daughter, husband's boss and boss' family (wife and two kids, 17 and 7). While Rosemary's is by no means a "family" restaurant, they were extremely accommodating of our party. I've come to learn just how annoying it is to have babies in restaurants sometimes. Not like I didn't already know this...but I'm always more self-conscious of it now. The staff at Rosemary's acted like the kids were the guests of honor, which was so sweet. They even brought a silver cover for my meal so it wouldn't get cold when I had to tend to the little one away from the table. Very classy all around.

I should mention that the restaurant offers two different prix-fixe options nightly (app/app/entree or app/entree/dessert) in lieu of paying per item. There was also an amuse bouche, which, as I think back to all my dining experiences, I've only had a handful of times, and signals to me a special restaurant that's really got its shit together.

To start, I had the cauliflower soup. I know what you're thinking: what's the big deal? It was A BIG DEAL. Delicious, rich, like nobody ever thought cauliflower could be. Creamy, with a sprinkling of parmesan and a swirl of olive oil. Decadent, really!

Then I had the salmon on a bed of lentils. It was cooked PERFECTLY medium-rare (and the server mentioned this is how it is normally done and asked if that was ok). It had a flavorful, crunchy crust that was not overwhelming and didn't detract from the joy of the fish itself. The lentils were dressed lightly in some kind of lemony deliciousness. Yep, a real culinary vocabulary I've got. Anyway, they were great. I also got a really great white wine that the waiter suggested I pair with these dishes. (Pairing recommendations are offered on the menu for each dish.) 

For dessert, I decided not to order something else to eat, but rather, a "fifth avenue" dessert cocktail, consisting of cream, apricot brandy, and creme de cacao. Wowza! That was strong and delicious. There were a bunch of other drink options available, and the desserts looked wonderful too.

Overall, Rosemary's seems like a very well-kept secret, except that the word has apparently gotten out. Go for a special evening, go for a relaxed drink at the bar ... just go!. This place was a pleasant surprise!  We are vegetarian and found a lot of choices on the menu. The veggie spring rolls are awesome, vegetable tempura also very good. Everything we ate was exceptional, including the veggie roll sushi. I was also impressed that their house sake, on happy hour, was actually good tasting. I was used to places using cheap tasting sake. Again, another pleasant surprise. We are happy to have found this place and will be back!. I love this place because the rooms are beautiful and its a great deal. We stayed in an apartment for the price of a hotel room and had a kitchen. But this is not a hotel yet, its more like having a nice apartment in Vegas in a good building. 
Since we were celebrating a birthday, it was nice to entertain before we went out on the strip. Unfortunately, I cannot give it more than 4 stars until they get their act together with the front desk . I wanted to do, 3.5 stars.They messed up big time with the rooms.  We checked in and they first put us in a studio and then moved us to a one-bedroom but until I complained and 2 hours later.  I did not expect this because I called ahead to confirm and was assured everything was okay. 
This place is a great deal but its not for everyone. It is great for groups and people that want to be in Vegas but not around the smoke and the ringing of the slots.  It helps if you have a car.  You have to get used to your key cards or remember the codes. 
Other than that, it is certainly fabulous and I would stay there again.. Eric Fritz is awesome. He has ridiculous artistic/tattooing skills. He made me laugh as I was struggling through the last bit of the tattoo and would constantly check on if I was okay. I am a wimp, but he put up with me.. I went there with three others on a Thursday morning for breakfast. The place was fairly full, but we had no problem finding a seat. For how full it was, we were able to get our order in and our food served to us pretty fast. Service was great.

I ordered the sausage and cheese omelete, hashbrowns and toast. My boyfriend ordered french toast and bacon. My mother ordered pancakes and hashbrowns. And my sister ordered hashbrowns and toast. My mom ordered two pancakes without knowing how humungous they make them (size of a dinner plate), so the second pancake was consumed family style and everyone got to try it. The problem with giant pancakes like that is they are often cooked unevenly and some parts are burnt. No, not this one. It was perfect and tasted great. Aside from the pancake, everyone also loved what they got.

The bill for four people came to $33. 

The only downside is the atmosphere. Wood paneling walls to video poker; it's just your standard older Wisconsin bar. But this was minor to me. It kind of has its charm in an odd way. It's so minor that I'll still give Brothers Three 5 stars.. There is no real name for this place. It is hidden in the galley on the 3rd level of Cosmo. However their pizza is amazing. Since they are open till 4 at night it's perfect for late night after clubbing/drinking snack. I am a local but still drive all the way to Cosmo for their pizza. The only con is its expensive and the drinks the give are small in quantity and you cannot refill them.. This was a great find - thanks Yelp! Yumminess abound here. Prepare to face tough decisions when deciding what you want. Hint: Don't forget to check the chalkboard wall menu for specials. I missed out on several options by only looking at the menu behind the counter. (Though, that was probably for the best considering how long it took me to made a decision on what to order.)

The wings looked awesome. And they have burgers too. But I had to go with a hot dog, since ya know, it's a hot dog place. And, of course, there was no way I could pass up fries. Frankly, I don't how I made it out there without ordering like 18 different items. Seriously tough choices. I went with the Angry Dog (spicy and with an Asian twist) and Carne Asada Fries (loaded with toppings!).

They were pretty busy, so I had a to wait for my order for a bit. But it wasn't more than 15 minutes. The order was brought to me and I was checked on a couple of times. Not at all what I would have expected from a quick, casual, order-at-the-counter establishment. Very good service.

The food was fabulous. Tasty tasty tasty! And there is definitely no skimping on the toppings here. Both the hot dog and fries were loaded up with tons of toppings - just how I like it. 

Definitely crave-worthy. Definitely somewhere I will visit again and again.. We visited this place for brunch and was seated at this booth in an alcove.  It was nice & intimate, but service was slow (thankfully we weren't in a rush to get anywhere).  I'm a huge fan of panini & immediately knew what I wanted - the Panini Di Melanzane (eggplant).  

When I received it, I was both disappointed & amazed.  It wasn't a grilled panini like I'm used to, but it was a large sandwich (possibly 10-12 in) that tasted delicious!. Five Guys was delicious. I heard from previous people who were from the mid-west area that this franchise is really popular... like an In-N-Out. I love good quality burgers so I had to give this place a try. I had a bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, grilled onions, and mayo. It was a juicy, delicious goodness. I didn't order the french fries because I'm allergic to peanut oil..... 

Usually whenever I eat hamburgers or any type of meat, I have a sensitive palate and can taste the "gaminess" of the meat... which means the mean if poor quality. However, their burger was perfect! Way better than Steak and Shake.... 

I ordered to-go over the phone and you can also do it online. If you live near the place its worth it cause the line is short compared to when you dine- in. 

I would definitely go back!. I love to eat here for breakfast and brunch. The service is consistently good service and consistently tastes the same from visit to visit. My favorites are Bunny Rancheros, Pancakes, and the Blazin' Saddles Omelette.  Get there early or be prepared to wait.. I love this trail that runs parallel to St. Rose Parkway, just as the name says.  Whether you're on foot or on a bike, it's nice to avoid all the cars that speed along and have the paved trail just for you.  My friends and I usually hop on at Eastern and ride up to just before the M Casino, where the trail ends and then we get on the streets to ride into Southern Highlands.  There are always runners, walkers, and other cyclists taking advantage of the trail, with its cool decorative sculptures along the way.  Highly recommended!. Came here after a friend recommended it. It's owned by the guys that have Port of Siam down Leith. This is their second venture.  At the front is the Bangkok Bar which serves street food and in the bigger section round the side, is Port of Siam restaurant.

I'd hope to try the special - pork dumplings - but they were sold out so I had the Por Pia instead - Thai style spring rolls, jumbo size, with a prawn, pork and herb filling. They came with some sweet chilli dipping sauce and were really nice.  Portion wise they would make a decent starter to share between two or a good snack for one person.

Miss W had the Pad Thai. She really enjoyed it on her first visit so wanted to try it again to check it lived up to her memory of it.  Apparently it did.  It was a decent helping and looked lovely, plently pieces of chicken, lots of beansprouts and a generous helping of noodles.  The crushed peanuts and the chilli were served on the side, which I thought was a good idea.

We shared a portion of thai prawn crackers which were lightly spiced and very more-ish.

I'd definitely go back but probably sit in the restaurant area.  The bar is very small and whilst it's fine in the summer, I think it'll be cold in the winter as the tables are in line with the main doors.. I've noticed Back East Bagels for years while getting coffee at Xtreme Bean across the street, and finally made it in the day after Halloween. 

This place was rockin'. Cyclists dropping in for a post-ride bagel and coffee, folks about to do their shopping at Sprouts, ASU students still in trashy Halloween costumes + make-up from the night before.

I only tried a Cinnamon Raisin Bagel with their seasonal Pumpkin Cream Cheese.

Friendly and quick service from the employees, even though the store was totally packed.

The bagel wasn't the size of a Chihuahua, but not the size of drink coaster either. Just right. 

It was still piping hot when I got home, toasted perfectly while still being chewy, and believe it or not, the Pumpkin Cream Cheese with the perfect compliment to Cinnamon Raisin. 

Wish these guys sold that stuff by the tub! 

Never lived on the East Coast, never even visited, so I don't know what constitutes a bagel from there. 

But I do know a good bagel when I bite into one, and this was it!. The fact that I live around the corner from this place is highly dangerous. So delicious! My favorite sauce is the game day garlic, although other sauces I've tried are very good too.. I adore RA!  They have a great selection of sushi.  Go for Happy Hour.  Its only a couple of hours, but you really get some great items for pretty cheap.  You can even get a large Asahi for about $5!. Another visit to my still- favorite spa stop in Arizona.  I would compare this place to a fast-paced Moroccan bazaar...other than stopping in the circular rooms to clear your negative energy and make wishes on your way into the spa, it is all hustle and bustle of sometimes more than 20 people waiting for spa services in the lounge, and a packed spa terrace pool filled with people who don't whisper.  This is the type of place you would do a girls spa party...rent a cabana or spa suite and do it up right!  Gorgeous views of Camelback Mountain make up for the lack of peace and quiet...I remembered to bring my iPod to block out chatter and noise for my return visit, which is perfect for my day-long lounging by the terrace pool.. Here with a party of 20.  Christmas party with good friends.  Our server did a great job! Sadly I didn't ask his name. Young man in his thirties.. I posted a review about this store almost a year ago. I had purchased a dog toy suggested by the owner, after explaining my dog destroys everything. Just a little update, the toy is still alive and well a year later and my dog still loves it. Bravo on the suggestion!. They did a thorough A/C check and trip check/overall vehicle inspection, plus put the correct amount of air in my tires, all for $10.. Amazing customer service, and very professional repair. I have used Shutter Doctor twice now, and both times have been excellent! I was also very pleasantly surprised at the very reasonable cost for the service provided. If you need any Shutter repair look no further, this is the guy to call! 
Thanks Lincoln!. This show is so much fun! The stage set up is incredible.  Enjoyed the plot, although it was tougher to follow than KA. 

One thing I could have done without are the clowns. I don't find them humorous but that might just be my particular sense of humor. 

Would recommend to anyone in Vegas.. I had the famous CJ came to my house today and fix my plumbing problem. He was awsome and a honest person, cant find people like that here in vegas.i save a tons of $$$ I highly recommend this company to do your plumbing work. Auuurryyytttee. It's a Dog Park. Expect the dogs to BARK. That's normal. If you don't like it, do not go to the DOG park. There are acres of land surrounding this DOG park designated for human children. Bring your small children to the designated DOG play area at your own risk. Does that mean aggressive dogs that bite should be tolerated? No. Dogs run, bark, chase and they are NOT human. Even the most well behaved animal may need to adjust to their surroundings. Not every larger dog who is brought into the small 35 lbs and under side are mean. Some are. The issue here is that some owners find their dog in between small and large. I have been told by some that being in the large play area puts them "on edge" so they break the rules and bring their larger dog in the small area. This in turn puts the small dog owners "on edge." There needs to be a medium dog run in my opinion. People need to be mindful not only of their dogs but also their human children while in this park. I've seen plenty of toddlers get knocked over by small dogs. There's a child play area for a reason. Watch your dogs, clean their poop, don't bring sick dogs to the park, and bring children at your own risk.. Love this place. Food is always delicious. Service is okay, hence the one less star. Girls are a little catty. And they never give pickles on to go orders. Last time here I asked for extra pickles and didn't get one. Even after I asked on my way out if there was any! Either way number 10 is amazing.. Nice place.  Note that's it located at the Encore, not the Wynn like our group thought...

Bottle service was pretty cool, but I think it was only because it was my first time doing bottle service ever.  Celebrated my 21st birthday here by drinking my last 4/5 shots (to make it 21 shots for the day) and I pretty much hit a wall of drunken tiredness.  Surrender, thanks for not kicking me out even though I wanted to practically sleep on the couch.

When I did have energy towards the end of the night, music was pretty poppin' and the dance floor wasn't too crowded nor too empty.  Sick pool, I wouldn't mind dipping my feet into the water in the middle of clubbing.

Nice staff also, took care of us for the night.  Even though we weren't allowed to keep our bottle from bottle service, we still came home with it (shhh....).

See you soon, Surrender.. The bacon tomato and spinach sandwhich on rye is sooooo good! Yummy. great customer service, wonderful salads, and great cheese curds :) I enjoyed it
!. The room was huge! Maybe because I'm used to NYC rooms or FL rooms, but I was surprised at how spacious it was. Very clean and the bed is uber comfy. There's a big tub and a shower in the large bathroom. Also, the mirror in there is giant, which is wonderful when a bunch of girls are trying to get ready simultaneously. I shared the room with two friends and we didn't feel crowded at all. 

We went in February so we didn't go to the pools, but we took a gander and they were pretty nice. The lobby is eh, i didn't like the decor. We got a voucher for a free bottle after checkin. We didn't redeem it til our last night because we thought it'd be a tiny little sampler bottle but it was pretty big :)

I'd stay here again because the rooms are great, the location is smack in the middle of the strip and the Spice Market buffet is right down stairs...yumm. I ALWAYS got lost as soon as i stepped foot in the casino, it's a labyrinth, but I figured it out by my last night. Also, the mall in the hotel is cool, especially the Fat Tuesdays :D I need Fat Tuesdays in NY.

*We visited our friends' room in the Escalibur....eww. Definitely would not stay there, although the hotel itself is full of fun things like Thunder from Down Under and Dick's Last Resort :). I bought a LivingSocial deal for 4 45-minute lessons and was able to split it up into two drums and two voice lessons.  The lessons are really only 30 minutes with 15 minutes in their computer lab to learn about music theory.  This ended up to be more useful than I thought since I have not played an instrument in more than 10 years and could use the refresher.

Everyone I met there was super friendly and I had a blast at my first drum lesson!  I hope that the rest of my lessons have the same experience and I may just consider signing up long-term!. I find it funny that their motto is "Bally's: Stay Classic" - which is really a euphemism for "we're outdated but we don't care." True, Bally's can be thought of as "outdated" considering that it's surrounded by supercasinos Bellagio and Caesar's. Really though, it's a good, low-key option if you want to stay on the strip but want to avoid the major crowds. It isn't super theme-y, but it's still an awesome location because you have quick access to everything along Las Vegas Blvd. And you can stay here without breaking the bank. 

The room we had was spacious... hey, it fit 6 of us girls and all of our stuff comfortably. Only complaint would be the LONG walk from the elevator to our room. Not fun to do after a night out in heels. 

Bonus for Bally's being right across the street from the Victorian Room at Bill's (formerly Barbary Coast) which always satisfies my drunken munchies after a night out of drinking.. I've been to Fuego Tacos many many times and always love it! Finally remembered to make a reservation for Fuego Bistro and we went.
Service was good. I had the fish, which I'd not order again. I can't remember exactly what I didn't like about it, but it was a little boring.

Ben got the beef roast, I think. The sides were all great. His beef was just a big ol' portion of the same thing that comes in taco form over at Fuego Tacos. So, I think fuego tacos is a better value overall. But it was a big portion and he had plenty for leftovers.. Yummy! Good breakfast and good coffee. Had the California eggs bennedict.  Very tasty. .large portions..service was good.. Although this Tottie's location has been open just a few months, it's time for an update... 

We've already been a handful of times and never been disappointed.  Tottie and her staff are extremely attentive and friendly every visit.  And the food... well, I could eat here all of the time and it would never get old!  

Although our 'old standby' dishes are consistently cooked just right, we often try to order something new.  Tonight we shared the sizzle rice soup and a noodle dish that we'd never tried before... it had chow fun noodles, broccoli, bok choy, carrots, in a brown sauce.  It was delicious!

Despite being full, we also ended up trying the banana pudding... and it was the perfect sweet ending to the meal and the long day!  Each bite had just the right amount of banana, mochi, ice cream, and who knows what other surprises, but it was damn good!

***One last reason for an update: the shopping center is still undergoing major construction.  Do no let that deter you from going in.  Tottie's is staying open through it all!. Everything we tried was amazing! Mussels, Brie and ham sandwich, crawfish Mac and cheese.  Back for brunch a few days later and it was great too!  Mussels are definitely my favorite!!  Dog friendly patio, too!. We had a reservation for 10 on a weeknight after our daughter's graduation from ASU. We are from out of state so we booked this based on yelp reviews and weren't disappointed. Nice looking restaurant, with great food and drinks. Our server was wonderful, too! Everyone in our party seemed to really enjoy it. An excellent choice!!. We went on the unofficial opening night and the place was packed! The owner was at the door greeting everyone as they walked through and we randomly got a free beer, which made for a really nice bonus! The atmosphere is really cool and laid back and you cant go wrong with their beer selection. A little pricey, but worth if for the beers on tap. I cant wait to go back!. Ahh it's like I can still smell the wonderful smell that only a good steak can give.

**rewind back a few weeks**

We enter the steakhouse and was warmly greeted by the hostess.  No fru fru, snotty feel to this place.  Instead, it's warm, red, and with nice pictures of past glamour.

an aperitif came first that was sadly forgettable...then...the courses began.

First:  Warm garlic bread with gorgonzola fondue.
Good beginning, but if I could do it all again, I would order something lighter to prepare my stomach for the incoming assault (in a good way) of hearty red meat.  A very large appetizer that was shared by two but should have been shared by three or four.

Then came the meat we were waiting for.  We had the center cut chateaubriand that was carved tableside.  Amazing stuff!  The crust on the steak not only had a nice texture, but was full of flavor.  The inside melted in my mouth.  It was juicy and cooked just right at medium rare and the thought of it is making me salivate.  We ordered a side of truffled creamed spinach which was the best creamed spinach I've ever had.  Once the spinach touched my tongue, my eyes closed in joy.

Sadly we were too stuffed to order their 21 layer cake and I blame this on the delectable, but heavy appetizer we had ordered.  Next time layer cake, next time...you are mine!. After a toe-injury that sent me to the ER several months ago, I started getting pain again and went on the hunt for a podiatrist I'd feel comfortable with. My health insurance site, Yelp, and the fates led me to Dr. Cheney's office and I was not disappointed.

There was actually a podiatrist much closer to my house, but when I called that office repeatedly, no one ever answered. Needless to say, this worked to my benefit as I found Arcadia Foot and Ankle once I kept looking.  

Everything has been smooth, from booking my appointment to going in the office. It was easy to find, the paperwork was minimal, and everyone I've interacted with has been professional and friendly - even Esther the awesome office dog!

Dr. Cheney and her staff were thorough, asked all the right questions, and were genuinely interested in helping ease my discomfort.  After just a few minutes with Dr. Cheney, I understood so much more about my injury and how to prevent future pain than what I took away from my 6 hour saga in the hospital months ago.

I also love that the office is digital and as an empowered patient I have access to the office via the web. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her or this office to anyone with foot or ankle issues.. I used Paradise Carpet Cleaning for the first time July 3, 2014. From the beginning when Christina assisted me on getting an appointment. She was thorough and said no problem that George could be there on the 3rd of July. She was very friendly and helpful. When George arrive, he measured where I wanted to have my carpets clean and gave me a quote and stuck by it. He made the carpets looked so good. He even gave me plastic footie's to wear so I do not dirty the carpets while they were still wet. I will definitely use George again and will have him come out to clean my sectional. I would and have recommended George and Paradise Carpet Cleaning to my mother in law and friends. Thank you George and Paradise Carpet Cleaning for doing an awesome job on my carpets. I will definitely use you guys again.. I have come many times and the food and service is always outstanding!  I love the lunch specials, but dinner is also a great deal.  I treated my dad who came from out of town and I love when I get to order for people!  We had the jack scallops and jack beef.  There is a Monday special - order a beverage with entree and get a % off depending on if it is alcoholic or not.  They always give coupons.  Drinks are free with lunch (even beer!)  I love the matcha green iced tea!

The scallops are high quality so they can be eaten raw or cooked.  Unlimited veggies include napa cabbages, tofu noodle (shirataki - you can buy these at whole foods if you want to make them at home - just boil and dip!), tofu, carrots, bamboo shoots, snow peas, green onions!  Then you get a small thing of shredded daikon and chopped scallions (my fave) to add to sauces or just eat, plus unlimited salad and steamed rice and the dipping sauces.  I LOVE the spicy sauce - the waitress showed me how it is made so I can make it at home.  I drank it all!  Also love the sesame peanut and ponzu of course.
The service is attentive and the waitress skims the fat off the top of the water and refills drinks constantly.  Ice cream is ALWAYS on the house - get it with matcha powder!!!  A great deal, very healthy, cooking food in spring water and no oil!!!  My dad is diabetic so it was great and very filling.  I will definitely be back...we need to keep this place open!  Very nice decor too - my dad noticed.. The sound system is good here. Perfect clear sound. Up close and personal with the bands. Great vibe here. Will come back for sure.. I used to be a dancer, 7 days a week in class, ballet company ; the whole 9 yards. After 5 years of not taking a dance class but just every now and then-  I found myself here. I was very happy with both the classes I've taken. The contemporary kicked my butt....hard, but the instructor was very nice and helped me with everything I needed. They're very accommodating and will be a great studio for any beginner or an old dancer like myself!! I will be returning!. Had a great stay at the Cosmo!  I had wanted to stay here since the last time I was in Vegas since it's dead center on the strip, has a younger crowd and baller rooms. 

Check-in rep was a little bit dweeby but did nothing unprofessional, just didn't match the branding.

Once we saw the room I saw the Cosmo I'd been expecting. The terrace one bedroom with views of the Bellagio was one of the most badass rooms I've seen.  The layout of the bathroom is crazy sexy, and the tub fills up really fast, comfortably fitting two.  Bring your own bubble bath like I did!  Nothing like a soaking tub while watching the fountains.

Others have mentioned their neighbors getting busy on the balcony and I can confirm this.  Nothing like a loud couple going at it as your alarm clock on a hungover Sunday morning.  Haha.

Music situation was a little lame.  No aux cord in room (bring your own or wait 20 mins for front desk to send one up).  There really should be a better stereo system in here.  If you can get a chandelier, swaggy bathroom and this much space they could at least throw a bose unit in here or something.  The other bummer was that the room wasn't as clean as I would like.  Blinds were dusty and kitchen area floor was straight up sticky.  By the way- some comment on the weirdness of the dishwasher, but it's because this building was built for condos and then converted to a hotel last minute along with the recession. 

After drinking too much make sure to close your eyes while using the toilet, the wallpaper is nauseating.

I will probably write reviews for the Boulevard Pool and the Overlook Restaurant- those are a solid 5 stars and put me solidly into a 4 star review for the Cosmopolitan.. My first FROST experience was yesterday during a mid day shopping experience.  Perfect day to have a refreshing treat to help beat the heat. I'm a huge fan of Gelato Spot matter of fact that is the only Gelato I like. Tempted to try something new I'm glad I did. The flavoring off all the flavors I sampled were amazing. Tempting to only want to try them all based on all the delightful colors neatly displayed it is hard to resist. I settled on my favorite Raspberry. I was offered a free regular cone topped with a small wafer cookie. It hit the spot. They do also offer freshly made in house waffle cones to purchase.

The staff was a great crew. All smiles and friendly the moment you walked through the door. I was even asked if I wanted some water while sitting down enjoying my new favorite treat. You can dine in or outside the establishment.. Very spacious rooms. Two queen beds with large bathroom & vanity area. The giant window overlooking the Las Vegas valley basin allows ample light into living/sleeping room. Non-smoking room smells nice and cleaning service does a great job. Very efficient. 

The decor is modern with easy access to the casino through the Brittney Spears elevators. Plenty of eating areas as there is a full high-end mall downstairs offerings plenty of shopping until 11pm most nights. 

This resort offers plenty of things to do & restaurants to enjoy where you don't actually have to leave the hotel. 

Overall, this is an awesome place that's close enough to everything hot & new. Would highly recommend to anyone staying in Las Vegas for a few days.. Almost everything about this place is fantastic. The food is absolutely delightful. It's very fresh and the rice is cooked perfectly. The waitresses are very nice and the selection of food is great. 
This rating could have been 5 stars, but unfortunately my boyfriend and I ordered 3 sushis and 4 rolls between us. The rolls arrived in an acceptable amount of time but the sushis took over an hour to get to our table. It was very good, but took way too long to get to us.. Wonderful place with amazing food, great service and atmosphere!   Loved all the choices of bruschetta!!!...try the Brie, Apple and fig spread, it's so delicate and balanced in flavor!. Brought a group of 7 to AAP on a Sat afternoon.  Awesome atmosphere, many Tvs, plenty of seating!  The BLT sandwich was incredible, huge beer selection! Will be back for sure!. Wonderful happy hour! Love the strong margaritas and good food too. Service is quick and staff are courteous. Best Mexican food in the area.. Bacon breakfast burrito smothered in pork green chili was amazing! Staff was very friendly.. Great place. Loved Coopers! So incredibly lucky to stumble upon this place our very first night in Madison for work! So incredibly sad for everywhere we've eaten after Coopers since they just can't compete with our experience there. 

I have to admit I was hesitant about the food we would encounter in Madison (sorry but I've spent a lot of time in the Midwest and usually end up bloated and searching for greens/veggies/roughage).  Coopers totally blew me away with its perfect blend of pub/comfort food faves, locavore love, and the best things about Midwestern food (its true roots). By the time I left I was wondering why we can't have a Coopers in our town!

My meal was a delicious bavarian beef stew with German dumplings, REAL German dumplings for those who love them, artisan beer and brussels sprouts. The plate was so big, I cannot believe I ate the whole thing but it was sooooo good.  And did mention this is a regular menu item, not a special?

Their drink menu, including a nice and reasonably priced selection of wines by the glass, specialty cocktails, and an astonishing selection of beers, is impressive! And the staff was awesome!  You know where I'll be eating when I'm back in Madison next week.. Words can't even begin to describe how amazing Jeremy was for my trip to Vegas a couple of weeks ago. It was my 25th birthday, and I wanted to go out with a bang....but on a budget. Jeremy went out of his way to accommodate my friends and I. We spoke for almost 2 months about different options we could take within the amount of money we wanted to spend. Not only did this dude hook it up by walking us in VIP and allowing us to skip the line, but he managed to get a table with bottle service for an amazing price. I was so impressed with how attentive he was even before we got into Vegas, but even more so once we got into town. I work in customer service and really can appreciate when people go out of their way to make the client happy. And that's exactly what he did. He truly went above and beyond my expectations and helped make a birthday trip I will never forget!
 There's no other option as to who I'll contact for any future trips to Vegas! I've even passed his name along to some friends who are looking to go visit this year. I highly recommend anyone who's looking for a badass time in Vegas to contact Jeremy. You will not be disappointed!!! Thank you Jeremy!! :). My husband and I ate there this morning. He got the French toast and I got huevos rancheros, and they were both very good. The service was great, the coffee was actually really good as well, and we intend to go back on this trip. The only negative aspect about it would probably be that it's a little over-priced, but other than that it was a nice place for breakfast at least.. AKA daily chicken! Food's good, so is the hookah.. Amazing happy hour. You really cannot beat $6.00 pitchers from open until 6pm. They have a great local beer selection. I highly suggest the Mr. Pineapple beer on these hot Arizona days. Food is above par, but not the best bar food I've ever had in my teavels. For the most part the staff is great. Overall maybe one bartender that wasn't too friendly (but it could have just been me). Atmosphere was upbeat, good music but not too loud. I would recommend this place hands down.. One of the best Italian meals I've ever had! We were greeted by Frank, the owner, as soon as we walked through the door. Because it was a beautiful night, we wanted to sit on the patio, so that's where he took us without hesitation. 

 Our waitress was there within seconds with water and to take our drink order. She also explained the specials which made it harder to decide on what to eat. :) 

Our drinks came super fast and were perfectly made. We started with the shrimp scampi as an appetizer and WOW! I could have eaten them all myself but the portion size on the plate was definitely enough for two. 

My friend and I went with one of the specials, Scallops with risotto. It was amazing. The scallops were cooked perfect and being a risotto snob, I was impressed with this one! 

Then came dessert....holy homemade Tiramisu! This dessert is the bomb. I would go back JUST for that and a cup of coffee. The waitress was attentive and checked on us often, as well as Frank. 

There was also live music in the bar area which was a nice touch to the warm atmosphere, we enjoyed it.  Everything was wonderful.. This is a cute crepe place located in the belagio hotel. It's quite hidden because it's to the left of the belagio garden with the giant flower shaped animals. I got the egg/ham/cheese/spinach (in other words a salty crepe) for breakfast. I came with a small salad on top. It was quite good and light! It was about 10 bucks for the crepe. They also have a unique chocolate fountain.. My husband really liked this place and I actually liked his haircut for the first time since we moved here over 3 years ago. Tony did a great job with the scissor cut...not just the clippers like you get at many other barber shops.. I love this pet supply shop! The store has a great vibe with friendly, helpful employees. It has a natural atmosphere to match all their specialty natural products. They have raw food for cats and dogs and have a large selection of dog chews. I highly recommend this place for all your furry baby's needs!. Absolutely one of my favourite Vietnamese/Chinese restaurants in Phoenix if not my favourite. I grew up in a Vietnamese/Cantonese household so I might be a bit biased but everything from the Goi Cuon to the Pho is delicious. I would definitely recommend it!. Didn't think you'd come to Vegas for a burger, did you!?  Well, this ain't a mere burger.  It's a burger with a capital 'B'!

All three times, I've had some form of addition and subtraction to my basic burger - medium juicy patty and a ton of fresh raw onion.  That to me is probably all I would go for on a normal day... no cheese.  Cheese always seem to overtake the taste of everything else it's added on, for me.  But add an egg cooked over-easy, real bacon and some jalepenos... omfg - I'm having a burgasm!

I always almost have the black angus 'coz I wouldn't get the kobe beef.  
I just think it's kind of silly that they called it American Kobe beef... Kobe as we all know, is nowhere near America and the ones they serve here are from Idaho... ummm... 

But this is a good place for a cold beer (they really are as cold as beer should be, I'm told), a very very VERY good Burger and a nice ambiance with surprisingly not many rowdy kids considering it's a burger place - maybe they too are too busy  having their mini burgasms to be annoying :)  Again, they might need a new host (she's as stupid as she looks) but everyone else is great.  Still can't get over the twins who work there - they always throw me off :). Our team stayed here for Ragnar Relay Chicago 2014. I didn't like it as much as Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison East or Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison West, but it got the job done and was conveniently located for the start of our race.

We did have some issue when we first arrived. We were given room keys and told a room number. We tried our key card and it didn't work. When my roommate tried the lock, it wouldn't open. The people at the front desk suggested she may have accidentally demagnetized the card by placing it near her phone. We were issues new cards and they worked.

We went out to dinner and upon arrival found another Ragnar group waiting in the lobby because they couldn't get into their rooms either. Apparently, we were in their rooms. We discovered that they told us the wrong room number when they handed us the keys, so that's why they key cards didn't work. The new keys did work, but we weren't supposed to be in that room and they were keeping the other group waiting instead of assigning them to our vacant room. But it all was sorted out in the end and the hotel ended up comping a room for us.

The beds were not as comfy as other places I've stayed, but it wasn't bad and we were able to make use of many of the amenities. I took full advantage of the breakfast bar in the morning. It wasn't completely laid out when we woke up, but they had enough things ready that I was able to reheat my leftovers from dinner in their microwave and grab both a donut and banana for the road.

I'd be open to staying here again. Next time I need to remember to bring a swimsuit. They have a pool and it's open late!. First time my fiance and I were there (happy hour) there weren't that many people in the restaurant and the food was soooo good (we got crispy basil chicken, pad thai, green curry, and drunken noodles) this place immediately became our best thai restaurant to go to. 

2 days ago went to the restaurant again with work people telling them it is the best thai place around here, we were very disappointed with the food. It was a busy dinner time with lots of people so maybe that's why the food wasn't that great? 
The table attendants were super proactive, but food was bland and not yummy :'(
(Plus I like my pad kee Mao with flat rice noodles not with pad thai noodles)

To summarize, first visit, 5 stars, second visit, 3 stars.. This trail is mostly through a neighborhood. Super clean and well maintained with little parks throughout. If you start at the trail head on Trail Center dr, there's a good 2 mile loop if you turn around at the little park with the white sand and old-time swing set.. I'm speechless!  The food, the environment, the staff, and most of all, the service is impeccable!  It's too bad that the Pumpkin Pecan was reviewed so horribly by these other patrons because I've found their reviews to be FARTHER from the truth!  One of THE biggest selling point for the Pumpkin Pecan is the fact that they have two restaurants in one; including President's Pizza.  As a take-out order, the personnel up front took their time to, not only listen to my order, but they took additional time to repeat the order back.  This is a service that's rarely seen or experienced at other local restaurants.  Another big selling point for them is their capability to get an order out in a timely manner AND have it taste as good as it does!  Coming from NY, this HAS to be one of THE best pizzerias that I've been to in all my time out west!  I'm thoroughly impressed with how neat and clean the front of the shop was!  There were a few of the girls cleaning the dinning area wiping down the tables, the glass, and making sure the floor was swept.  For me, this is HUGE!  I'm sold on the level of service and the A+ quality of the food!  By the way, the price is VERY reasonable in comparison to other pizzeria restaurants on the Strip and for the rest of Las Vegas.  Alex, the owner/manager, personally comes out to get to know his patrons!  Ironically, I got ALL of this for the short period of time I waited for my food which took a total of 10 minutes; from the front-end, the finalization of the transaction, and getting my order out to me.  I'm SO happy that I found them and believe me, my loyalty will be to the Pumpkin Pecan while I'm Las Vegas!  From the freshness of the food to the efficient staff, I would HIGHLY recommend the Pumpkin Pecan and the President's Pizza!  Honestly, the staff has to be the most knowledgeable, the most polite, efficient, and most of all, they have smiles on their faces; this IS not a common practice around these parts.  So if you depend on reviews like I do, take my word for it, this IS the place to order from!  Don't go anywhere else!  They have everything you need.  By the way, there was PLENTY of soda stocked in the refrigerator behind the counter AND they're open 24 hours!  What a place!. i actually like this dennys and come here every time im in vegas wanting breakfast.  they are ALWAYS BUSY. but dont be fooled. when they say 20 mins is the wait for your table they mean 20 or less.. which is cool since they have a crowd inside and outside waiting to be seated.  service is good. food is good, better then other dennys that i have been too.  open late for them late night munchies. 

-if you have to wait for your table and its uber hot out.. go next door to the abc store to just chill in their a/c and "look" around. why not free a/c while waiting to get seated. =]

enjoy. Pat for eyebrow threading is simply wonderful! I am extremely picky with my brows being that I expect them to look clean and full. I also happen to be extremely sensitive to waxing, and although have done it for years, that will be no longer since I've found Pat. She was referred to me through a friend who had BEAUTIFUL brows so I naturally asked where she had them done. The threading process is very quick, non abrasive, and she completes the service with a lovely massage around the brows and eyes. My eyebrows are perfect and I didn't have to worry about breakouts or redness! The service was only $10.00 and I was in and out in 20 minutes. Great overall experience.. Really a good deal for the price. $15 for the 2 of us. Had the #3 with chili on the side. Great burger. Crisp fries & and bomb chili!!. Had dinner here on a Thur night (02/17/11) and the place was very busy.  Our wait staff were excellent, the food was good, served hot, and cooked perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant!

The sides are served family style and were delicious.  With a couple of glasses of wine expect to pay around $50 per person.. This is one of my favorite breakfast places of all time.  
The strawberry cheesecake french toast is my favorite along with the berry pancakes or french toast both are good.  I tried the corned beef hash skillet and it was okay.  

The waiter is hit or miss on service sometimes but the food makes up for it. I just don't like when people try to force me to take food that I did not ask for.  Its like i specifically asked for something why would I want something else???

Oh well. I love their food.. I just happened to land on this place one day when trying to find a place to eat brunch when everything was closed (it was a holiday of some sort). What a nice little spot to land on. I was very pleased with the service and food. My boyfriend and I now go her regularly!. Recommended by a friend and I'm sure I'll become a regular! This is the best Vietnamese food in Charlotte that I've had in the 12 years that I've been here. I got the pork/egg roll bún and my boyfriend got the brisket pho. We also got the house special fried rice which my boyfriend had for lunch the next day. Can't wait to go back and try some bubble tea, we were STUFFED!. The Bank was the happening spot when I visited Vegas. 1st time ever there and it was amazing!!!!. Sooooo delighted to have finally discovered this wonderful Italian gem! My sausage was delicious and Peppy was welcoming and gracious...I was treated like an old friend! Looking forward to experiencing the pizza, sandwiches and biscotti!. We were told to try an old fashioned here. Go figure! We arrived on Friday for a late lunch and we're glad we did. They got busy quick! Packed with a wait by 5pm. Had a whiskey sweet Old fashioned and decided to try their house burger and cheese curds. Delicious!. My fiance, friend and I decided to try Sekong By Night. My fiance is Cambodian and we were pleased when our friend found this place. We went with an open mind and were delighted with the experience. 
  The restaurant was small and quaint. The decor was modern and traditional at the same time. Pictures of Buddah adorned the walls and the entry way had musical instruments on display. I loved the fact that there were Cambodian books on all the tables, great idea especially because most people don't know about Cambodia. The place was very clean and comfortable.
  The staff was amazing. Friendly, cordial and genuine. You could tell that this family run business really takes pride in what they do. Our server who is the sister of the owner came by and we had such a nice talk. Everyone came out to greet us, the owner, the owners mother. We all felt comfortable and welcome. 
  The food was DELICIOUS. They paid attention to detail and presented the food elegantly which added to the experience. We tried different dishes and shared family style. For an appetizer we ate Bok Lahong (papaya salad) and for our main courses we ate Lok Lak (which was beef cubes on a bed of lettuce), Somlaw Majou Manorah (pineapple soup) and Bai Morn (chicken and rice). Everything was so yummy and we finished with Jaek Kteeh (Banana Tapioca Pudding) which was to die for!
   The only suggestion that I have is that Sekong By Night should be added to google or have a website so that people can find out more about the place. It's a little hard to find, so this might help.
  Overall this was one of the best restaurant experiences that I have had. The staff was extremely friendly, food was authentic and delicious, the decor was exotic and inviting. Can't wait to go back and try out the other dishes. 
 

Kat, Chan and Emily. I came here on a business trip and I was very happy with my stay.

There is smoking allowed in the casino so you can smell the smoke, but the air system must have been fixed or updated after some of these other reviews because it was not overpowering. There are air grates ALL OVER the floors of the casino.

The rooms are fantastic. I had a poolside view in my room which was nice. The bathrooms are HUGE with a big bathtub, separate rainfall showerhead, and the under-counter lighting was nice to keep on to stumble into the restroom in the middle of the night and be able to see without being blinded by a harsh light.

The bed was comfy and the pillows were numerous. Flat screen TVs and free wifi, although the wifi makes you authenticate CONSTANTLY which was a big pain and a big battery drain on a cellphone.

The keurig coffeemaker in the room was a welcome touch although I wish I could have had a few mroe flavor choices in k-cups. Overall I am very happy with my stay, just be mindful of the $50/night incidental deposit!. We came from out of town and hoped this place would be good, going off of other reviews here. Jesse exceeded all expectations and was super professional. We got beautiful tattoos here and it was a terrific way to end our time here!. I really enjoyed this place from the service to the food and décor. I had the gyro lunch special it was very yummy and you can't beat 7.50. We will definitely be back. I don't have an account with Chase but I've made some deposits here for other accounts and everyone that works here is always so helpful and kind. 

I would consider opening a Chase account based on my experience at this location. 

Plus they have free cookies =). Well this visit to the M pool was much better. We had a comped VIP cabana. They are awesome. Plenty of seating for me & my girls. there were 8 of us. The VIP cabanas even have a private jacuzzi & shower!
We all ordered lunch & drinks. I had a yummy lava flow & chicken quesadillas. They were both huge! And not very expensive.
Everyone was really happy with the food & drinks and we are going to make this a weekly thing hanging out poolside this summer.
Cant wait to come back!!. I stayed for 2 nights for the holiday weekend. I stayed in the select suites. I don't have 1 single complaint.  The room & building was clean, smelled nice, and had some amenities- flat screen tv, hairdryer, safe.. The rooms were cleaned every day. The shower worked fine, the AC/ Heater worked fine.. I parked in the building right across from the building my room was in so access back & forth was pretty painless. You get a 2x1 price for the UNLIMITED rides at the top. Good for all 1 day. Free access to the rooftop view. I only regret not stopping by to go in the  pool & jacuzzi... I didn't think it was open but it wasn't until I saw people swimming in there when I was looking down from the tower that I realized that it was open in the winter ( it said "seasonal" on the pamplet) ! Darn! Next time!. I like McCarran.  People who don't are those who seem to forget what the airports are like where they came from.  Reminds me of those who complain about the roads in the city - just one trip back home and you realize that Vegas roads are usually smooth and well-maintained.

I never have too many hassles, and except for last week, when the airport was a zoo due to all the flight cancellations the day before because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, it's usually not too crowded.  Parking is convenient (Try that at JFK or LaGuardia!), the tram runs frequently, and baggage appears quickly.

Now if only Continental would leave from any other gate except the furthest one in the whole airport, I'd give it five stars!!. I love GVR, it's definitely my go to casino when I want to go out. As a local it's hard to find places to go that seem local but aren't run down. GVR is beautiful,  sparing no expense. Every time my family comes to town it's the first place I want to take them. I love it!. This was easily the best meal we had in Vegas. 

We were very concerned with getting to this restaurant, as some people said you need to drive and we didn't know how far off the strip it was, but we took the deuce to convention center drive and it was a VERY short walk to this place, so no fear there. We came here in the middle of the afternoon and were the only people in the dining area (there were a few people at the bar). The place is super kitschy, with movie reels all over the ceiling and a real funky hipster feel. We started with the matzo ball soup. The veggies were still a bit crisp and tasted very fresh. The matzo balls were a good, firm consistency. The BF got the steakhouse burger. This was one of the best burgers he or I had ever had. Oh mah gawd. It is served on a giant english muffin with bacon jam....He ordered it medium well and it was juicy and amazing. The flavor of this thing was RIDIC! I want one right now and like everyday for the rest of forever. I got the steak frites. Also, incredibly delicious. Kind of different, the steak is served piled high on a piece of toast with some aioli or something and some caramelized onions, parm (?) and arugula. Fries on the side. So tasty. I wanted to lick the plate. We finished with a molten chocolate cake and it was sick. So good. All of this for 50$ and we had a groupon for....50$! It could not be any better. For Reals. 


This is a must try in Vegas, I only wish there was one in Phoenix.. Thank you Las Vegas window tint. They did my dodge Van today. They did a great job of tinting the window. They were very clean inside my van too. The girls in the office were very nice and pleasant to talk with. All in all great team and awesome job. Now my son Rylan is happy in his car seat.. Took 2 bathing suits in for alterations. The workers at the front desk are pleasant and helpful. The female tailor doesn't speak English so they translate for her, no communication problems. It was done quickly, a few days.They did a great job on my suits, not the cheapest, $25 for both but I was willing to pay to have it done right.. There is a reason why this place always has a long ass line.

And that, my friends, is all I have to say.. I'm absolutely very happy with this place called team 4 kids my son gets physical therapy and speech therapy and occupational therapy and let me tell you I feel in my heart this is the best Pediatric therapy Center there is and the staff there are great all the way from the receptionist to the therapist they are always very kind and welcoming. As a parent my son has struggled for a little while but now he's getting so much better it's all because of team 4 kids. And I live quite a distance from this place. But more then willing to drive an hour just to get there so that my son can get the help he needs plus he love's it there he's always happy to go to team 4 kids.thank you so much team 4 kids you guys are just a big part of our family.. This was the nicest tattoo place I've been too.  They couldn't get me in on the day I needed so they recommended another place to me which was awesome!  The fact they they do referrals says a lot to me.  I would recommend them to anyone.. Barrique's is like my second home! It has everything you need if you're a late night studier like myself. They have free wi-fi (although it can be slow when a bunch of people are using it), coffee, lattes, WINE, food, excellent scones and slices of pie. I would eat there more often but the food is a little pricey, although delicious. I think their yogurt parfaits are the perfect snack, and go great with a coffee. I've tried studying at several other coffee shops, but Barrique's wins the prize everytime.. Tasty fair trade organic coffee and breakfast and lunch.
Even have almond milk! 
Excellent choices.
Super nice people.
Comfortable space.
Let's help support these independent shops who exude caring, quality and individuality to thrive in our community!. Until yesterday I was completely unaware of the fact that all day every day there are two guys working a taco stand on the outside patio.   

You can walk right up to it, order from the sidewalk and they cook your street tacos right there.  They have fresh toppings for you and they are completely affordable and completely delicious!  If you are ever in Old Town or around the area and want a quick and tasty bite to eat, I HIGHLY recommend stopping by and grabbing a few!. The view is beautiful and worth the trip up to the top floor of TheHotel for the view alone.   
My husband and I enjoyed some great food including blue fin tuna sashimi.  I was impressed with the food; I often find that restaurants with  pretentious décor don't pay attention to the food but Mix did not disappoint.. My all time favorite place in Vegas area. I go there for special occasions. Always happy with their meat selections and salad bar.. Loved it--what a great addition to the neighborhood. Excellent food, nice decor, very lovely staff, and all veggie. What's not to like? We loved the dumplings and I had the Big Haus salad, as I use salads as a benchmark for most veggie restaurants. It was excellent, and the ginger-soy dressing was a great choice. We will definitely be back and look forward to the opening of the patio. Keep in mind that the place just opened, yet everything is working quite well (minus the fact that they were out of the IPA, but that's ok).. Been coming here for years now. I always only go through drive through. Service has been fast and efficient and friendly. The food also is very consistent. I recommend you order a side of nacho cheese sauce to go with your French fries. Also I am a big fan of the del carbon tacos. I also like the fish tacos.. First time here for lunch. Everything was excellent. Loved the fresh Italian bread with the pepper - infused olive oil. My antipasto salad was delicious.  I've never had one that was more authentic. Will be back for sure.. Love my lashes!!! Great customer service! The owner Amanda is fantastic!! Rocio D. did an awesome job!! Thanks again ladies!. Delightful bakery and cafe! My visit was at 10:45 am, Wednesday, and there was actually a bit of a line to order.  Similar to Paradise where you order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.  The line went quickly.  The service was quite friendly.  Bustling and happy atmosphere.  The breakfast sandwich was larger than expected, hot, fresh and delicious!  The prices are quite reasonable.  They serve all you can eat French Toast all day.  It looks delicious and I plan to try it soon.. They did an absolutely amazing job. My cairn terrier was so relaxed after her grooming that I was half convinced they sedated her.. I'm not usually this lucky, through my home warranty company, I was assigned Lee Collins Air. Over the last few years, my older A/C unit has been starved for attention. Since my initial experience with Lee Collins, I have been impressed. Each time that I have called for service, they have been professional, kind, empathetic and have arrived when they said that they would. I trust them so much that I have given them my door code to service my A/C in my absence.
I strongly recommend this company, because of their work ethic and reliability.
(They even came out on New Years Eve, on a last minute request because my unit had stopped heating.). I ran to Texas Roadhouse to pick up out Togo order for work. When I got back to the office I realized they had forgotten some of my coworkers items. I had to run back to the restaurant while MY food got cold. The manager, Olivia, made me a new meal to replace the cold one and refunded my money. She went above and beyond and was very professional. Next time the guys at work (muscular moving men) are hungry we'll know where to go:). I've had massages in the past, but none that made me feel completely at ease and relaxed like this. Jasmine has a soft-spoken manner about her that causes you to completely release any inhibition and allow her to work magic on your muscles in the places that need it most. I have noticed significant improvements to my health after seeing Jasmine. You truly are in good hands.. I purchased my dress at Bowties Bridal and had a good experience. All of the consultants were very nice and helpful, and put you at ease. I purchased a Jason Alexander dress, a designer which I love and only available in Las Vegas at Bowties.

When my dress came in, it was not what I expected from the sample. This was not Bowties fault, the sizing difference between the sample and the actual dress just produced a very different look. The staff at Bowties were quick to jump on this and give me alternate suggestions including options to pick a new dress in time for my wedding or more extensive alterations. They put me back in the original sample to see what I loved when I picked it verse what I was seeing on the real dress. The manager could not have been nicer about everything and their seamstress truly worked her magic. On the day I picked up my dress, I loved it as much as when I tried on the sample, and it was the perfect dress for my wedding day.. I have a genetic predisposition to "vein issues", so I sought the best in the field for treatment.  I have been receiving treatment from Morrison Vein Institute for over 10 years.  I just go in for a "tune-up" once a year.  They are leaders in the field, professional & kind.  The staff is like a family & most have been there the entire 10yrs. I've sought treatment.  Having just received my yearly treatment yesterday, I was delighted to know I only had to wear the support hose 2 weeks instead of 3!  I am also an R.N. & professionally can highly recommend the Morrison Vein Institute for treatment of vascular disease.. wow, this was a dangerous walk from the strip.  i don't even want to imagine walking here in a vegas stupor of over the top drinking and fun.

the best part of my in-n-out experience was ordering.  i was able to get in my order of:

a #1, animal style burger, light fries and coke and a cheeseburger, animal style, well done fries and a neapolitan shake 

in what must have been less than 5 seconds.  even more amazing was the cashier who repeated it all back to me in 3 seconds flat.  awesome-ness.

having had the east coast version of in-n-out (shake shack), i wasn't over the moon about the burger and fries here.  the food was indeed good, and my burger even tasted a bit like a mcdonald's big mac, but my eyes didn't bug out at the first bite of my burger and fries nor did my taste buds shout in excitement.  i did really enjoy my neopolitan shake though.  my next food challenge is to find something like that in ny.

needless to say, we took a cab back to the strip.. I have recently fallen in love with sushi and everything to do with it. Great company, great atmosphere and great choices on the menu. Sushi Brokers has it all. The service was great, the food was even better and the atmosphere was very comfortable. So glad to have this wonderful escape right around the corner from me!. I've been on a bit of a boba kick in the past 24 hours (I grabbed some last night and again this afternoon). I came in with my two kids for a treat and ordered a large coconut milk tea with pudding. The larges here are gigantic and really cost efficient. I love it! The three of us shared this drink and all got our sugary fix for the day.

The coconut milk tea was delicious and creamy and I LOVE PUDDING from boba places. I actually never get boba in my drinks because I'm not big on chewing drinks, but pudding has the most fantastic mouth feel and kind of just slides down your throat like silk. It's definitely pricier than boba, but really worth a try if you've never had it. I will be back, and my son will probably be able to try something with the fresh fruit he read about.

Chinatown who? Desert Inn and Durango is where it's at!. My co-workers and I are always on the lookout for a good lunch spot, so we were excited to try Vine.  The decor has a nice warm, upscale-comfy vibe which sort of reminds me of 131 Main.  We were seated right away - the restaurant is fairly large and there are plenty of tables. 

One thing I noticed is that the water glasses are pretty small.  They bring water in a bottle  to your table, but with 4 people drinking it, it ran out pretty quickly. (The water bottle is not large & sort of looks like a wine bottle... which looked nice but wasn't very efficient.) Oh well, no big deal, they were pretty good about coming back and bringing more water as needed. 

So, onto the food.... I ordered the vine salad (Field greens, cucumber, grape tomato, goat cheese, toasted almonds and white balsamic dressing) and I decided to add salmon to it.  Salads come served with a slice of Jalapeno Cornbread (which is skillet-baked with roasted corn, cilantro, and jalapeño butter).  The salad and cornbread were very good and the salmon was cooked perfectly.  ($7 for the salad plus $6 for salmon to give you an idea of price-point). 

The service was ok, although our server forgot to bring one item that a co-worker had requested.  Overall though, I think everyone was pleased with their food and there were no major mis-steps, so we all agreed that we would like to go back and try more of the yummy sounding items on the menu.. I have been smoking for 5 years. Being young it was my stress relief from work and basic pains in life. I was not necessarily and skeptic just worried that I wouldn't get the same hit if I switched to vape. I was worried about giving up my pacifier for lack of a better term. After trying a family members E-cig I decided to try it out. We had been seeing the billboards for pink spot and one just opened near our house on 215/rainbow. So we tried it out. As soon as you walk in the door someone greets you kindly whether there is someone available or not. We didn't have to wait long before we were taken into the world of vape. One representative, goes by the name of "Doc", was exceedingly helpful. He had been a smoker for 15+ years before finding pink spot and hasn't smoked a day since, it's been a year now. Doc was so helpful let us try all kinds of flavors and just kept telling me it was time to try something healthier.  I wasn't about spending $100 right then and there but Doc really showed me the opportunity to stop smelling like crap and getting healthy for me and my family. I walked out with a starter kit and some "swagger" liquid and haven't looked back. It's been about two weeks now and I haven't been craving a cigarette at all. We just went back to upgrade our vape tanks this evening and saw Doc again. He was just like we remember. Even though the place was packed he made sure we were taken care of and happy. We will keep going to Pink Spot and seeing Doc for all of our Vape needs. Thank you Pink Spot and Doc!!!! You all rock!!. Love this place!  The owners are super nice!  Its Great for gifts, clothes and handmades....plus my jewelry is here!  Jewels by Julia!. Wow. I can't believe I've lived in Pittsburgh for a good half of my life and never stopped by the Mattress Factory Art Museum until this year. It is awesome. The pieces here are incredible, and I'm so impressed by the caliber of the artists they feature. This is one of those museums that WILL change the way you think about SOMETHING after you go through the exhibits. The pieces here are meant to provoke you, to make you question, to make you wonder. I loved it. The museum space is spread out in three different buildings, so you can take a nice stroll through the neighborhood to check out all the artwork. Really cool place and I recommend it 100%.. Fun little treasure trove of collectibles, gifts and oddities.  Fun way to spend a few hours.. The food here is amazing :) The menu has a great selection of fancy items and everything is delicious. The worst part of the experience is closing between what to try on the menu! hahaha.

All of their appetizers are delicious, I especially recommend the calamari and fois gras. I got the $50 steak when I went. The steak was really good, but the sides it came with were mediocre (fries, veggies, etc.). The desserts are also all really good! (i.e. creme brulee, maple pie, and chocolate jar cake)

The only thing is that parts of the restaurant is poorly renovated, which takes away from the ambiance. Like the bathrooms are not nice at all, but it does have hand towels instead of paper towels.. After having Spice Market last night (if you love yourself, don't go there), Bacchanal was like paradise. Right now they have the holiday price inflation ($52.99 for Brunch/Lunch and $62.99 for Dinner before tax), so it's pretty pricey. My cousin and I managed to pay lunch price and we stayed well into dinner, so that was pretty lucky. 

The food is pretty good for a buffet. The crab was definitely fresher than Spice Market's, and the oysters was super fresh and yummy! My fav dish from them has to be the carne asada tacos. That carne asada was soooo on point! Prime rib was okay, but the mango jalepeno chicken sausage was good. Pork belly was too thick, and I did not enjoy their brisket. Basil beef over at the Asian area was good in flavor but way too salty. Peking duck was also too salty. Got a bowl of ramen and it was pretty good (the char siu was definitely the star of the ramen :9 ). Ate a whole bunch of desserts and learned that Las Vegas can't do cheesecake. Seriously, skip the cheesecake. Macarons were okay, but I only really like the passion fruit and pistachio ones. I was sad that I was too full for a crepe tho )': The highlight and star of the dessert island, however, was the ice cream. Omg, creamy gelato and icy tart sorbetto was a home run for me. I kept coming back for more! The panna cotta was also very delicious ^q^

Overall, although it was pricy, I had a good experience. Definitely the best buffet in Vegas and the best one I've had in a while!. It was very nice.  The staff were friendly and nice. They were able to provide change for the laundry room and instructions to a nearby ATM.  Everything was clean, in fact the staff were quick to mop up pool water and to clean up after breakfast. The breakfast was great and we enjoyed the selection.   The pool and hot tub were great.  Check in and out were easy and quick. I would definitely stay here again.. Happy Hour All Day Friday-Sunday! 

We decided to stop in here for a late lunch on a Saturday. Everything was 50% off! I pass by Lahaina Grill at least a couple times a week and I've never stopped by, so I was fairly excited to try a new place. The decor is actually quite pleasant inside, not your typical bar/restaurant. We decided to have a couple orders of nigri and the Crouching Tiger Roll, Spicy Scallop Roll, Caterpillar and the Lahiana Roll. We had asked the sushi chef what he recommended, but he said he doesn't eat sushi, which is a lil strange to me. Overall, everything was good, rice was a bit funky (but sushi rice can be difficult to make), but I know I will be back. It was about 40 something bucks for our 4 rolls and 3 orders of nigri.. Just finished an AMAZING Authentic Louisiana meal!!!!  For appetizers we had the Gumbo and Crawfish Puppies.  For dinner I had the Bronze Shrimp and Grits, my husband had the étouffée.  We are now finishing off with Bread Pudding!!!  of course ;-)  It was like being back in New Orleans.  (I think I gained 5 pounds just now) 8-P. Worth The WEIGHT!!!. When you are out of town and in Scottsdale Stingray Sushi is one of my go to places to eat. It is a great place to meet friends and have an awesome lunch or dinner. Stingray Sushi has this very hip vibe going on when you first walk in and it can be a bit overwhelming but once you are seated the service is great. They bring you warm wash cloths to prepare for your meal. We ordered a few rolls but the Mango Tango and Lava Rolls were my favorite.

The service was good but when all the hostesses and waiters are very young they tend to socialize with each other and get caught up in drama that is going on between them so for this reason I gave them 4 stars.  I will say that I plan on eating at Stingray Sushi again once I am back in Scottsdale, it's good eats.. This place is great and for sure a family favorite. Always good food and even greater service. They start you off with oil, vinaiger and bread and go to a full menu of pasta, salads and our favorite... WINGS!! Las Vegas owned and we love them!. Amazing experience Miss Lindsay is wonderful and makes your experience fantastic. Highly recommend!. Great Curry Puffs!  Prices are a little high but it's great quality food. Their service is great and have a very friendly staff as well. Big, huge thumbs up to the cooks who keep the food authentic and so tasty.. My family has used three of the Greulich's locations for auto-repair and oil changes since moving to Phoenix.  We've gotten reliable and fast service from all three.  I really enjoy this location off of Chandler near 56th St because it is closest to my home and the guys in the office are nice and haven't tried to up-sell me on unnecessary parts/service.. I love this place! Really good customer service and they are always trying to keep my nails healthy and pretty ! I definitely recommend this place. I didn't find this company by choice . . . my landlord's home warranty company sent them out.  The office staff called right away to schedule,  and gave me a four hour window which I expected to be complete fantasy.  Surprise!  At the early end of the window the guy called to say he was on his way.  He showed up and got right to work.  I have no idea what he did, but the air is blowing cold and not making that strange noise anymore.  He cleaned up, asked if there was anything I had questions about or wanted explained, and left me with the number to call if I have any problems.  Overall a good experience out of a bad situation.. After seeing a segment on Maizie's on the news one morning I had to check this place out and I must say I was very impressed. They have a pretty extensive menu and I had a blood orange cocktail that was to die for. I had a chicken dish while my hubby enjoyed the surf and turf special. Great deal for the money...I was surprised at the meals you can get for $12-$15 a plate. We shared the Half Baked cookie for desert....yummy! 

The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 was because the parking is kinda screwy.. Meskerem is to Red Sea as Harris Teeter is to Food Lion. 

As in, less atmosphere, spottier service, but good deals and (in some cases) surprisingly good food. 

A complaint I often hear about Ethiopian is that it all tastes the same - whether that's actually true (I don't think so) or it's a result of our western minds being so used to each separate dish having, well, it's own, separate dish, that when it's all piled onto a delicious piece of Injera, the way we experience flavor shifts is a mystery to me. At Red Sea, there is no mistaking Wat for Alicha - the flavors in each dish (even just stewed lentils) are distinct. Some things are sweet - others salty. And there's none of this "spice level" stuff - you get the full range, when ordering a combo (at 10.99, veggie combo is a steal).

Dings - nuked Sambusas. Service was both good (presence, smiles) and cranky (unhappiness about splitting a bill 3 ways, each portion on a card). Warm, as in tired A/C. But really good, thoughtfully prepared food. Lovely.. This was pretty uncomfortable to watch the second day that they came back onstage from the accident that killed a performer and closed the show for two weeks. I had seen the show before but it was completely different knowing that somebody's mother died while performing in this show. 

That being said, this show is beautiful and the story arc is one of the best in the Vegas silent shows that we're so famous for. It's about a brother and a sister so of course my familial heartstrings are going to be tugged. Short too--about 90 minutes or less--so you can get back out on the casino floor and into the restaurants. 

It's a pretty immersive space--speakers in the headrests, ushers dressed in costume, an enormous stage and mechanical set pieces. I would recommend this show over some others in town, but I'm not sure it's my favorite.. Shop, Eat, drink, play and stay. No need to leave this resort unless you've never been to Vegas, and you want to explore. 

Elegant resort with one of THE best casinos.   No tacky and cheap Vegas feel...5 star every where you turn. 

Bought a package through groupon which included an invited guest check in...their version of express check in. Only 2 guests ahead of us, where general check in was packed. Check in took less than 5 minutes, and our room was available, no waiting.

Valet parking is included in the resort fee, and if you're leaving the resort after 11am check out, there is a baggage area that can hold your luggage until you're ready to leave.

Stayed in suite 33-127. View of Caesars and the Mirage....pool view below and quite a bit   of rooftop. 

Suite was clean as a pin, spacious and one of the newly upgraded. Bathroom had a vanity with evening and day lighted mirror, wall mounted flat screen tv, amenities, robes and a safe. The bed was super comfortable and linens were clean and free of any wear or tear. Bedroom and living room each had flat screen tv's...sunken sitting area, dining table and desk. On one night stand, there was an iPhone charging station with radio (Nice bonus). Even though wi-fi was included in the resort fee, it was painfully slow and cell service in the room was weak.

Our floor was very quiet and smoke free. Casino, although still a bit smokey, has an amazing filtration system and does a great job at minimizing smoke overload and pumping lots of O2 into the air. But still, as I write this, and being far away from Vegas, I can still smell smoke in my nose! Yuck!

All employee contact was polite and courteous and everyone was eager to please. We had great luck at the casino and felt that the payouts were very generous. Plenty of tables and slots.

Excellent variety of restaurants and shops, and of course you have the opportunity to enjoy the gondola's and stroll the romantic Italian piazzas.

Overall, we were extremely pleased with our stay. Would not consider any other resort.. This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio which has a pretty nice view of the riverfront. The fish and chips were delicious, the fries were sweetie potato and had this cinnamon sugar on them which was amazing! I only really go once a year since the price is a little high and I rarely go on the north side.. I was at the Mesa Arts Center this past monday for a concert, which ended up being delayed by 30 minutes, making me almost 2 and a half hours late. I'm European, and we love coffee, so when I spotted this gem from across the street, and decided I needed a pick me up and this was the place to go.
I came in about 10 minutes before closing so I had to make a quick decision as to what I wanted. Since it was warm outside, I decided on a Iced Caramel Macchiato. 

Oh my goodness. 

It was the most flavorful coffee I have had the pleasure to drink. From the first sip, I was in love. I didn't realize how long it had been since I had an incredible coffee drink. 

I am now trying to come up with reasons to be on that side of town (I live about 45 minutes away) so that I can go again and enjoy their coffee! I might end up just going there for the coffee... who knows :). great blackberry tea and good wifi for studying. This place is simply the best!! Great servers, great food, great management!!!! Their prices are really not bad either!. This is a fun little place with an amazingly diverse menu and out-of-this-world food. The beer list has everything from $2 Mickey's to gourmet brews. The menu offers small, light salad for me and grilled, steak-filled sandwiches for my husband. It has a fun and easy atmosphere with incredibly nice staff. I have only been here a few times, but it is becoming a new favorite!. These donuts are AMAZING! We got there around 2:30 pm and there were plenty to choose from. At first I didn't think they would be anything special just by the looks, but the taste is extraordinary. The buttermilk donut is the best buttermilk donut I have ever had. They have blueberry and apple fritters, like Pink Box, and they tasted about the same (that's a compliment). Everyone in my house thought they were fantastic. I'd like to go back another time, maybe earlier, hoping to find the blueberry donut and one of those cinnamon chocolate things.. Arrived 8:10am on a Monday. Waited 6 minutes and boom, I was called up. Unbelievably short wait! In LA, I would have to wait at least 15 minutes just to get a number, and then wait another 30-45 to get called. 

No line to get a number and a six minute wait to get called. AMAZING.

The rep was not very friendly but effective. 

Had to pay a crap load to register my car but the cool part was that you're able to buy special license plates (for a pricey $60 more). I bought the Susan Komen one--if you're going to spend more, might as well stretch that dollar to donate. 

Four stars. 

Five stars for fast service
Five stars for helpfulness (answering all my questions)
Four stars for friendliness (smiling helps)
Five stars for parking spaces. I have been getting my hair cut by Patricia since I moved to Charlotte a year ago and she has always done a good job. There is hardly any wait time, the price is good and it's in the mall. It doesn't get any better than that. If you are looking for a good hair cut just ask for Patricia!!!. Great ice cream -- very fresh and very creative, fun and delicious.  Always good customer service.  And I noticed they had sorbet and also some healthy ice bars for when I'm ready to be watching my calories again.. After having a bad experiance at the nail salon I had been going to, I decided to try L'Posh because it was close to me, and had good reviews.  I'm glad I did.  I got the gel polish and my technician did a great job!  The polish goes right up to my cuticle which I love!  (Some technicians don't do that and it looks like they're grown out immediately after getting them done.)  I tried the gel polish with glitter and love it!  L'posh is definitly going to be the place I go to from now on!. Best Asian service around! They make any change I want to my meal with a smile every time. I eat here every week.. Trader Joe's is by far my favorite grocery store! I even put up with the chaotic parking garage at this location to shop at TJ's. This is my first stop to get most of the essentials for my vegan meals. Fresh produce, pizza dough, edamame hummus and the best almond milk I've had are all on the list. The employees are the friendliest you'll find. Make sure to say hi to the really tall guy wearing the sombrero. TJ's policy is if you want to try something they'll open it at the sample counter and let you try it. I haven't made use of this yet, but that's pretty cool in my book. And if you're doing your shopping after work and you need an energy boost, make your way through the crowd of women in athletic gear to the back of the store and grab a coffee sample, with soy creamer of course!. The service is outstanding! never had a bad
Meal & my favorite is the tempura & the TomYum
Soup!! I have been visiting this restaurant for
Years!!. Mearcy is the best eyebrow lady ever! I've been with her for years! She is AMAZING. My eyebrows always look great!. Very clean, the food is fresh and amazing, and the staff members are young but very friendly. I am quite impressed with this location!. This was the best experience I have ever had at a salon, and I am extremely picky. I want a lot from my stylist--I consider this a long-term relationship--and I was devastated when my former stylist (the creative director at another salon) retired. Who could possibly live up to her standards? The receptionist here was patient in helping me find a stylist who might possibly meet my expectations, and Delores surpassed every one of them. Not only was she a personality fit (very important to me) but she did what I asked, engendering trust immediately, AND seriously, improved upon the cut I had had for years. Today I received truly the best haircut I have had in five years--exactly what I wanted but beyond what I asked for--along with helpful recommendations on how to emulate it on my own. I cannot wait to go back. I am also really impressed, because the price was HALF what I was accustomed to paying and although I loved the way I was treated by my former person, I have never left the styling chair as satisfied. Making the experience even better is the fact this salon is not only open nights, but also Saturday AND Sunday. So I will not have to take vacation hours to get a haircut.. I have nothing but high praise for Yatai Ramen. A husband/wife team runs this food truck and they do an amazing job. The wife takes the orders and the husband makes all the food. They are very efficient working in that tiny truck! The few times I've been, I usually wait 15 minutes or so for my food. Which is pretty good, considering how popular this truck appears to be!

My husband and I have tried everything on their limited menu - ramen, yakisoba, curry, and teriyaki chicken. We've even had their fried egg rolls and Judy's famous Hibiscus tea. (The tea is amazing - if it is available, GET IT.)

My favorite dish is their teriyaki chicken bowl. Juicy teriyaki chicken with vegetables over rice. The chicken is sliced a little on the thin side, but super juicy and flavorful. The rice is tender and sticky - in a good way! I always want to order it, but since it is usually "the special" they have run out a few times. 

My husband loves their chicken curry and I'll admit, it's definitely tasty. The chicken is tender and the curry is delicious. Not too spicy. As for the ramen, both my husband and I have tried it on separate occasions. While it is delicious, it isn't my favorite. The broth is good, but I wish there was a little more meat or something more filling. 

Overall, it's a great food truck. If you like Japanese food or want to try something new/different, give them a try. You won't regret it!. Best UPS Store in Vegas. Always greeted with a smile.  They recognize their customers and provide exceptional service. Thanks for taking care of your SoHi clients.. Since I just finished another delicious meal from there...

This place is becoming one of our "too tired to cook but don't want junk" places to go after work and pick up to go.

Service is always cheerful and friendly.  Great selection of beers; its nice to sit at the bar and unwind with a pint while you wait for your food.

I'm trying to work in a different pasty each time - tonight was Shepherd's Pie.  Loved the minted lamb; I was a bit unsure because I'm not a huge fan of mint in my lamb, but this was so lightly done it was perfect.  The mashed potatoes were lovely too.  The pastry is always terrific; light and flaky.  The red wine gravy is always delicious. Will be looking forward to finish the other half of my pasty at lunch tomorrow.

My roommate got the chicken and portobello mushroom pasty, but I didn't get to try it because he inhaled the whole thing.  Will have to try it next time, as he said it was incredible.

A new choice tonight was adding a soup - I got a bowl of the leek and Stilton soup.  First of all, love their containers for to go soup - sturdy plastic with a strong sealing lid.  The soup itself was OH MY GOD good. If you like blue cheese, you will love this.  Big chunks of potatoes and leeks.  Comfort food at its finest.  The freshly made bread was a wonderful (and delicious) add on.  My roommate ended up grabbing a piece of the bread (they gave me 4 pieces!) and raved about how amazing and fresh it was.

As others have mentioned, Sahara Commercial Center is a bit sketchy, but I've actually been going to the Center for years for the spectacular restaurants (and there used to be a great Korean grocery store).  I have never had a problem, ever.. LOVED Zoyo!!  I have been a fan of frozen yogurt since the only place to get yogurt was from either the grocery store or TCBY.  Now with all these yogurt places popping up it, I have been noticing a ton of 'impostors' if you will.  But Zoyo is not one of them!  One of my biggest frozen yogurt tests is texture, and Zoyo's texture is perfect a creamy.  Very nice, open location.  The staff was very friendly and they have punch cards :) !  Very excited to have a neighborhood frozen yogurt place, and even more excited that it is Zoyo!!!. It is inside the Bally where we were staying! YES awesome! This food was so fricken good. We(7) did family style and ordered about 6 plates of food. Everything was so good and very fast service as well. At the end of it all I paid 33 dollars plus tip for alot of food. I am just fine with that! Just try it for yourself..... I love this place! Fun laid-back spot to go with friends and not spend a ton of money on a night out. The hookah isn't too expensive and lasts throughout the night.. Amazing. Seriously. I'm currently on a quest to try everything on their menu. The lasagna is life changing (only a slight exaggeration). 
Go! Immediately and byob  something you love.. Gorgeous place to stay in Vegas! Split the room with some friends while attending the Kiwanis International Convention. The room was very spacious with floor-to-ceiling windows. If we were back in Circle K, we could've crammed 4-6 more people in comfortably. The bathroom is freaking ridiculous: his and her vanity sinks, flat screen TV, separate shower and spa tub, and even more space to probably fit in 4 Circle K members. The Wynn actually surprised me with the wide of variety of channels for surfing. I've never seen a place where they offer Asian channels.

We lucked out with a great view as well. No, it was not of the Strip, but we had a lovely view of the golf course behind us. Could've been worse with a view of the parking lot. Though, at night, the golf course is completely dark with no lights, so that was a bit creepy. 

If the price is right, I'd love to book a room here again and enjoy everything about it (spaciousness, view, TV, etc)!. This tour is totally amazing! It's the perfect amount of time and a super easy pleasant stroll. It is all walking so bring comfy shoes, and be prepared to taste the best of the best chocolate samples in town. From chocolate pieces to truffles to hot chocolate and cupcakes, this tour has it all. The owner/tour guide is very friendly and funny. The shops are nice and the staff shares a few interesting facts about their stories and products. I totally recommend this delicious tour!. There's always a line.  Love the selections very creative.  Goat cheese we pistachio or plain vanilla if your not adventurous.    They will let you taste as many samples as you would like.  So the wait is way worth it. This service was great! The staff was on time and did a great job! We got their Amazon local deal and it was totally worth it. It was very convenient that they could come to our house and they got both ours SUVs done in under 3 hrs including total inside and outside. Would highly recommend!. I have lived in the Henderson area  for a little over a year now. I do not drive, so the area is always new to me. My sister moved here in May and is able to take me around. She told me about Rhapsodielle  a few weeks ago. " It is THE STORE we have to go there!!" So i am like " yeah right okay." I walked into the store and  was in love. Everything is sectioned off by color of clothing. I saw purple first and that's my favorite color.  Mind you, I got excited before I saw prices. I saw the great, affordable prices and lost my mind.  I said to myself " I will get one thing." I walked out with a $14  black and gold long shirt that i can wear with leggings, a dress for $18 dollars and a pair of ear rings!  I cannot wait to go back. They have shoes, the  people at the counter were nice. I was asked only a few times  if I'd like help. When I said I was fine they left me alone. The place was clean. The dressing rooms were spacious and I was able to get in and out quickly.  The music was contemporary and fun inside as well.
   If you want something cute to wear out.. I'd say go here. In fact. I am going again on Friday when I get paid!. The last time I was here was on a weeknight.  It was whatevers.  This time I came on a weekend.  It was much more fun!  I don't remember much of the music because I was drinking a lot with my friends outside of the place.  We had a blast!   I'd definitely come back...on a weekend.. Let me start by saying that I had heard some great things about this restaurant. So when I walked in and saw a plain Jane restaurant with a concrete floor and nothing to absorb the noise, I was surprised. It is loud and there is not much ambiance. On a brighter note, our waiter was one of the best. He brought us drinks quickly and gave us good advice. Our table started off with the fondue which was very nice and great for sharing and the tzatziki. For dinner we ordered the scallops, the meatloaf, the short ribs, and rabbit (not my order). Overall it was okay, but not amazing. Apparently the rabbit was the best meal on the table. My short ribs were a little dry but the parsnip purée that accompanied it was delicious. We had the dude jar for dessert which won me over. I would give the food and ambiance three stars but because of the waiter I bumped it to four stars.. I decided I must review after reading all the bad ones on here.  I live right by this place and waited far to long to try them.  It took a couple times of going there to get what we really wanted but now that I know what's up - maybe I can help future burger lovers.  Checkers has many low price options but it is by far not a cheap place.  The first time we ordered two bacon doubles in a patty melt they had advertised two for $6.  That burger remains the best deal for the money and it was great.  We tried the two bacon double crisps for $4 and they were not great at all.  Still fresh and hot, though.  While we were waiting in line for that order (yes - they take a while - but everything is always fresh) we stared at this picture they have on the window of a lovely bacon cheese burger - thinking it was what we ordered - far from it.  So the next time we asked for that burger on the picture - the lady told us it was a double bacon double cheese - ok - we ordered two.  I confirmed when we got to the window and a different lady told us - no, it was actually a baconzilla. So, yet again, we left with burgers we didn't really want - but they were actually delicious.  We finally  went back for the baconzilla - and that is one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had.  Unreal.  I mean the name of it alone is appetizing. (Or frightening, depending on perspective, I guess)  The fries are off the hook but expensive and small portioned - I highly recommend the loaded versions.  I have always had friendly service and fresh hot food, even in the middle of the night.. My husband and I have been living here for nearly three years now and we love it! I can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience here. The maintenance staff is super-quick at responding, the grounds are beautiful, the amenities are really great and the office staff is very friendly. Is everything always absolutely perfect? No, because no apt. complex is perfect. Some people will always find things to complain about but, in my opinion, it's a really great place to live.. Update: lots of new weights / equipment & lots of cleaning going on lately - place just gets better & better. 10/27/2015               

Great location!  Very clean.  Some of the equipment is a little old, but it still works so no problem there.  Also lots of different types of equipment.  I'm very happy!. Ok so first off  Tiffany's nail salon is under new management. It is now owned by Don &Theresa who previously worked at Anthony lee nails on 7th st bell. Don has been doing my nail for over 10yrs!! He is amazing at what he does. I recommend everyone to him for nails. Theresa has been doing my pedis and waxing for just as long. They are a dynamic duo. Check them out. I love this place!!! I love that it's not super busy. The waffles are so soft and fluffy and perfect. I plan on coming back many many times. I attend UNLV and it is so close to campus that it is perfect for an after school lunch, snack, coffee, etc.. I just have to say that the owner of this place definitely knows how to run a restaurant and how to take care of customers! She treats everyone there like she's known them for years! 

I've been here a couple times and every time it has been quite good until today. Today, she came around to ask if everything was okay and I told her with some hesitation that my meal wasn't so great. She was so kind and remedied the entire situation for me. She told me she valued what I said and was going to make sure she fixed the problem for next time. 

This is truly a neighborhood restaurant. I love that I can walk here from home and get such wonderful food and service. Yes, they are really busy on the weekends but the servers are clearly working SO hard to do everything they can to take care of diners! 

Even though today wasn't the best meal, I still think this place deserves 5 stars because they take such great pride in making sure everything is done right and they take each customers opinion to heart. 

I will definitely be back :). Carl did an incredible job on my wedding cake. My husband and I chose Carl as our baker at a wedding show. I had read online to be wary of bakers who use a lot of filling to disguise dry or flavorless cake, and this is what we were experiencing again and again at the wedding show...until we found Carl's booth. We both tried a different kind, and we both decided on the spot that this bakery would be designing our cake. The prices were very reasonable, and the cake received a ton of compliments at the wedding! Oh, the flavors we ended up choosing were hazelnut apricot and white chocolate raspberry.. Our office recently placed an order from TLC Wings & Grill.  While they have a huge selection of wings and sauces,  I wasn't really in the mood for chicken wings.  Instead, I opted for the Chicken Parmesan sub ($5.29) with a side order of fries ($1.89).

The chicken parm sub wasn't the smartest  choice for a take-out -- by the time the food arrived, the sauce had sort of soaked into the bread and made it a bit squishy. 

However, the flavor was very good and the portion size was huge (thankfully it was already cut in 2 - definitely enough for 2 meals!)  The fries were good, and they were very generous with the portion size of that as well. 

I would definitely order this again, but probably not for take-out.   I would also recommend giving these guys a try if you are looking for good quality wings & fries at reasonable prices.. I use Three Four Printing for all of mine and my clients printing needs. Preston always goes above and beyond to get the job completed to my satisfaction. I am constantly recommending him to my realtor clients and they have never been disappointed either. Thank you Preston and everyone behind the scenes at Three Four Printing, you rock!. I was here for the Grand Opening of the Palazzo, and writing a review after staying here...(not just reading what it says on the website) anyways, having always been a fan of the Venetian, its the same.  The rooms are arranged exactly the same way as the suites at the Venetian, and the only difference is the non-venice theme at the Palazzo.
They just opened, so still have a few kinks needed to be fixed, but the casino is clean, same dealer staff from the Venetian, and pleasant.  The restaurants are another story, but that will go under another category.  
My company is at The Palazzo too!
Id give them a few more months to get it together and make some fixes.. I love Zipps and have been going there for years! Their wings have been amazing but recently they have changed them. You no longer get 12 wings you get 10 bigger wings. They are not as good as they used to be. I hope they change them back. 

Other then that, Zipps is a great sports bar with great food!. Great service! Friendly environment for family. Love their ice cream cone dipped in chocolate and mint oreo blizzard.. Tried it a second time and I ordered the almond milk tea. I thought this would give me a better idea of the place because I'm familiar with almond milk tea. This time around it was much better boba and much better taste than the coconut tea. I don't know why the boba was so hard last time I came but this time it came out way better. I actually finished my drink this time and almost immediately too. I think if I just avoid the coconut tea I'm pretty much safe to order boba here again in the future.. Ahhh Jimmy Choo.....you reeled me in 3 years ago when I bought the lilac suede heels with white feathers on them (think SATC episode where Carries loses her choo). Every since then I've loved you from afar....until this last trip to Vegas which happened to coencide with my birthday.

Walking through the Forum shops, I decided to pop in to just look (I swear!) and wound up trying on a few pairs. The sales guy was really helpful-I think it was a combo of hubby and I were the only ones in there looking seriously, and I was carrying my Louis Vuitton (you know how Vegas is)-anyways, I walked out with a lovely pair of black patent leather mid height close toed heels-I'll wear them forever, and they're comfy as hell!!

I'd go back if I were willing to spend the $$, or if it was my bday and I could get away with hitting up the hubbs for something like that.. I have personally been here twice.....my husband and his friend more than that and every time he is anywhere near the place! It is bar none the best barbeque I have EVER HAD!!! The cook, the staff, everyone super friendly and everything I've eaten is to die for!!!. We went, as a party of 6, for the first time yesterday. I liked the menu options - lots of choices. The lunch menu was cheap, many options under $10! I got the stuffed baked potato with bbq chicken. I could barely finish the whole thing - SO yummy!! Decent service, our server seemed new, didn't know much about the beer selection or menu. Everyone left impressed with the food though, and we'll return again!. I highly recommend this company for any AV production need your company or nonprofit may have. They have worked with our nonprofit for large fundraising events as well as providing small items like a simple mic and sound system. Their professionalism stands out. They go above and beyond in their customer service and their equipment is top notch as well. I will be using them again and suggesting others do so as well.. Been here 2 times and ordered the following:

Chicken pesto pizza
Chicken broccoli pasta
Lasagna ( came with a side of bread and butter!)
..the pepperoni and sausage pizza with mushrooms on top (I forgot the exact name/combo)

+1 Restaurant cleanliness, comfort & ambiance. I really like the interior layout of this location. 
+1 Fast service
+1 Good portions for both the pastas and pizzas
+1 Chicken broccoli pasta, lasagna, and the extra bread on the side! 
+1 For the pizzas. Delicious. Fresh ingredients. 

-1 Cashier was rude when we had a miscommunication about our order, but it got resolved quickly by the manager ( I think that's who she was?). 

Overall I think it's a great place with great food. It's not OMG WOW but it's definitely somewhere I'd recommend people to go to + I  can't wait to come back to try their paninis and salads!. Great food! During the week, lunch time can get a little busy (Sundays too) so call ahead for a to-go order if you're in a rush. Great service when dining in, I always feel right at home. I usually get a fish plate with mac and cheese and yams! Best. Meal. Ever! :). This place has done me wrong: I can no longer bring myself to eat quiche ANYWHERE ELSE because they have done it so perfectly and beautifully RIGHT. It's soft, it's light, it's fluffy, it's buttery... My favorite is the red pepper and goat cheese. The chocolate chip pistachio creme-filled treats are another go-to. But please, get more real plates and silverware! Disposable ones are far too much of a waste!. Tried this place out after reading reviews here on yelp....and the people are correct.!....Jill is so sweet and made me feel at ease.  The procedure was quick and pretty painless.  Her prices are very reasonable....I wanna laser my whole body! haha. Went on a Saturday morning for brunch, we waited a bit to order and get our food, but it was so organized and the system they use for ordering (while you're in line, someone assigns you a table, after you order they escort you to your table and then bring you your food when it's ready) and food delivery is so smooth you don't sweat it. I ordered their specialty pizza slice (GREAT!) and my husband had an egg/breakfast meal, I tasted and it was delicious. Can't wait to come back.. Victoria is amazing. If you have short hair, she's your girl!! She can make your pixie cut look great, and help you stay looking great if you're growing out your pixie.. I was shocked at how big this location is (when compared to the tiny spot they have in Downtown Phoenix).  It was almost full and the servers were run ragged due to being short staffed, poor dears, but they fit us in.  

We had to wait, but they warned us that would be the case, and we were happy to talk and be on a date (with kids, it is rare).

The server was excellent, the bartender picked up the slack by coming from behind the bar to get drink orders, and once the order was in, the meal came out fast, hot and perfect.

I will happily go back.. As a bonafide movie geek and serious cinema collector, I'm so happy that we have a shop like this in town. While the inventory has gown downhill in recent years, I'm glad they have been able to stay open. The vintage posters sold on consignment are cool (though that rare Revenge of the Jedi one sheet has been in there for years now) but the new posters are mostly reprints. If you need help tracking down an original poster, the owners are glad to help. The 5x7 and 8x10 photos are mostly reprints (and poor, blurry reprints at that). Some decent lobby cards but most of them aren't really worth buying. I still like this shop and I encourage all movie buffs to stop in and buy something; let's keep them open!. I was tired of paying 50 a head for food on the strip and yelped this place out of curiosity.

We went a little before closing on the Saturday before memorial day and unfortunately they had run out of all meats except the pork ribs and pulled pork. The person who took our order was very kind and cheerful. Unfortunately the ribs were a little chewy, not fall of the bone tender, but the aside from that was tasty and had a nice little bit of spice to it. I got the combo with the loaded mashed potatoes and they were okay; potato with green onions and shredded cheese on top.

I would definitely like to try this place again during earlier hours to try their other meat choices.. The guys over at Tobias Automotive are so helpful and friendly! As a woman I would always worry if auto repair places are being honest about what needs to be done with my car. With Tobias I never have to worry, they are always super honest!! I will never take my car anywhere else!. I was meeting some friends here before the Garbage concert.  I walked in and there are plenty of seats that Sunday.   So I snag a table while I waited.  My friends were late but my server made sure I was comfortable.  The TV had the Packer game on and I had the One Barrel Brewing's Bilbo Baggins in my hand, so I was okay.  The crowd started rolling in about 15 minutes after I sat down.  I was glad I got there before the rush.

When the friends arrived, our server was helpful and quick with our orders.  I ordered the burger.  It was juicy and seasoned well.  I really enjoy having my choice of greens, frites, or house made chips.  I chose the greens and it was a perfect accompaniment to the flavorful burger.

My friends had the burger and the special.  The special that day was a chicken bacon ranch sandwich on a pretzel bun.  She said it was really good.  We were all very satisified with our choices.  We got done in time to hope in line for our show.

I have been here once or twice before and have enjoyed myself.  I like the beer menu, it is full of wonderful choices and it's hard to pick just one.  I will continue to come and try new things.  The Mussels are calling me next time!. BEST. BEEF. STEW. NOODLES.

The search is over. Liang's has, by far, the best beef stew noodles in town. I have tried various places, and nothing compares to this place. I was estatic when I found out it opened in Vegas after being a regular at the location in San Diego during my college days. My go-to meal is the beef stew noodles (#63) with the la pian/homemade noodles. The noodles are thicker than the regular ones and absolutely delcious. I like to add a little bit of spiciness to mine, as well. Pair the noodles with the green onion pancakes to dip in the broth, and you are golden. 

The service here is a lot better than other Chinese restaurants I've been to. The servers are kind and courteous. There is free wi-fi, and the password is on the front counter. Just a reminder that there is a $20 minimum for credit cards. Overall, definitely one of my favorite spots in Chinatown!. What a relief!  For the first time in probably all of history I can say I don't mind coming to the dmv. No more long lines, no more waiting, no more wasting countless Saturdays and evenings at the DMV. 

I was excited when they first launched the kiosks because I could run down to the Albertsons a block away and renew it in less than two minutes. But now with the dash pass, as they call it, you can check in from a computer or smart phone. You have the option to call or text the number on the website and they put you in line virtually. No longer do you have a paper number to hold on to, they actually use the last four numbers of the phone number you check in with. No don't worry no one will see your full phone number except dmv. 
 
We were able to check in around 8:30 from home, have time to get ready, stop and have breakfast and make it in to the dmv ten minutes before our number came up. This was for a new registration or else I still would have visited the kiosks. 

You no longer need to hate the DMV.. Finally was able to try The Normal this past Thursday, after friend Chef Jeff K. had suggested I try it when he told me that his restaurant would be closed the weekend after Christmas.  He admitted he hadn't had a chance to go himself, but that he'd heard good buzz about it.  

I swung by after my massage ended, sometime around 2p, and I was the only person there, which was great, as that allowed me to ask server Evelyn about menu ingredients of a few items that interested me and to roam freely and take photos while I waited for the food to arrive.  Everywhere I looked was a feast for the eyes!  I saw a framed signage of the diner with a country background set against honeycomb-style wallpaper; gorgeous stained-glass Tiffany-esque ceiling lights twinkling above me; one hundred ninety-four eight-track tapes lined up on a wall, and then I noticed that at the end of this wall, outside the diner, there's a stonewall cap; graffitied lithographs, or perhaps originals, and a mural on two other walls; concave tiles aligning the halls leading to the restrooms AND part of the restaurant ceiling; columns made of gold glass tiles; color-block booth seating and dark green velvet chairs with wood tables; a long glass-topped table for communal seating, or perhaps a large party reservation; and beautiful parquet flooring.  My brain was inundated by all these stimuli-- I was having so much fun, and I hadn't even tried the food yet!

After Evelyn had retrieved all the answers from the kitchen I needed, I was able to narrow my choices for my first visit to Chicken n Waffles to start, and the Sundae Funday and a Haitian single-origin coffee to cap. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-normal-tempe?select=BRTGzTAtr4UA_rj281QEGg#BRTGzTAtr4UA_rj281QEGg  The waffles are probably one of the better-tasting red velvet waffles I've tried (maybe the second-best), but the textures on the inside left me confused in the beginning (semi-crunchy exterior and gummy interior) until I decided that I wasn't enjoying them.  The chicken, on the other hand, was very good-- great breading/batter (no corn products!), and had a spicy pepper seasoning flavor.  I asked if it was Tabasco I tasted, but was told it was an overnight marinade made with Frank's Red Hot sauce.  This dish is worth ordering alone just for the chicken!  There is the option to sub malted waffles for the red velvet.  After discussing the waffle textures with Evelyn and hearing that others had voiced the same concerns and Evelyn saying that the batter did yield differing textures compared to malt waffles, after further bites, it dawned on me that maybe the red waffles were undercooked, so I took a photo. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-normal-tempe?select=O5-wc9LkJRySsdHLPqWxhQ#O5-wc9LkJRySsdHLPqWxhQ  I had no intention of complaining about the waffles and only showed the photo to Manager Maria during conversation when she came around, but she graciously offered to have the kitchen cook another serving for me to take home AND had this item omitted from my bill!  What amazing response, and totally unexpected!  

After finishing one of the three pieces of chicken, I pushed the plate aside and had Evelyn put in the order for the Sundae Funday. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-normal-tempe?select=7SG8gtCI1TEn_yH8wm4FRg#7SG8gtCI1TEn_yH8wm4FRg  Made with Grateful Spoon's Salted Caramel ice cream, caramel sauce and brownie bites made in-house, strawberry boba (ooh, these were fun!), and topped with a streusel (honeycomb, or caramel?), this dessert definitely lived up to its name!  Sweet and salty, with creamy ice cream and caramel sauce against dense brownies bites filled with chocolate chunks (these bites could've been chopped into smaller pieces), and then to discover that these boba balls are not the traditional kind you find in Asian milk teas and desserts.  No, no.  These boba balls POP and release strawberry liquid! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-normal-tempe?select=W2pbMX92hZ5v89Z5rD42Gg#W2pbMX92hZ5v89Z5rD42Gg  Oh, my!  With all these different textures and flavors intermingling in my mouth, this sweet treat really made for a fun-tastical experience!  

With such great ambience, a very promising menu, and personable staff working there (I also met Chef Brian, who knows Chef Jeff K), I will be returning to try other items on the menu.  In fact, I'm meeting a cousin and her boyfriend there today!

p.s.  Tapacubo, a restaurant next door serving Mexican/Latin-influenced foods, such as arepas, tacos, burritos, and other goodies, just opened the same day as my visit.  I asked Chef Brian if I, with corn and other food allergies, would be able to find something on the menu to enjoy, he said definitely.  I think it's terrific that more and more chefs and their staffs are willing to cater to ever-increasing populations of people who have allergies, and that is why I am very happy to support restaurants, such as The Normal (and soon Tapacubo), that do.. I've been going to this place pretty regularly since I moved here 4 years ago. I mostly come here for the drinks; their beer list is out of this world. I think I owe my current love of beer (certainly my love of sours) to living a block from this restaurant and exploring their extensive (and ever changing) beer list for the past two years. Now they offer 4oz pours from their tap list in addition to full size, which is great for the indecisive among us. For non-beer drinkers the wine menu has never disappointed either.

I can't speak for the entrees, but have enjoyed the porcini fries and v-burger several times. I'm still bitter they removed my favorite sandwich (I miss you caprese sandwich!!) but the turkey sandwich is another solid choice.

Basically, if you like beer, you've gotta check it out.. We were looking for somewhere to have a tasty breakfast and given that this has great reviews we decided to give this place a try and we have no regrets. Wait time was reasonable and the food was delicious! I had the steak and eggs plate and for once in my life they did not say no to cooking my eggs the way I like them. They have great customer service! And Although we are from out of state, I will definitely keep this on my list of places to visit when in town.. I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. 

Dear Forequarter,

Let's be clear. I have a crush on you. You are everything I want in a restaurant. Low key, but still classy. Insanely beautiful in your presentation. You are always there for me with delicious food that I always expect to pay more for. You belong in Paris, but I'm so glad you've chosen to be here, in Madison. Please never change. 

Love, 
Your fan. I havent had a sushi fix in awhile and decided to stop by Yasu on the way home from work.I've been meaning to stop by on several occasions since you fellow yelpers keep raving about this place!

Anyhow you would never think this gem would be hiding on the side of a Target-  location is kind of weird but once you get inside it all makes sense.
Really nice ambiance to the place, service is great- friendly. 
The menu was lengthy--and I wanted to try just about everything but realized, one step at a time.
I got my favorite miso soup and here its the real deal, nothing watered down real soft delicious tofu, scallions, not too salty- just right. 
I got some tamago, nigiritoro, yasu roll and maguro nigiri... Wow... amazing stuff right there, especially the toro, delicious unctuous tuna- the tamago was spot on. Everything was exceptionally fresh, I wanted to try sumibiyaki or desert but I could barely move at this point! 

Im snacking on my edamame- and will be going back again, I wish it was slightly cheaper but for this quality- worth it. By far the best sushi i've had in phoenix followed by hiro sushi !. this place was pretty damn good! Me and the bestie met up for happy hour here and we were the only customers there for awhile but was quickly seated. staff was super nice  and the atmosphere was chill and not overdone. we ordered and shared the chorizo sliders, pork belly, harvest salad, and flatbread and WOW! everything was pretty damn delicious. the sliders were flavorful and seasoned well, the pork belly was thick and had great flavor also. The salad was delicious and so was the flatbread. their happy hour sangria was delicious and perfectly mixed, not too strong but still very tasty. my friend got the bunny slope martini and it was delicious too but a bit strong. the waitress was very attentive and noticed it wasn't being finished and she asked if it was ok and if my friend wanted a different drink. that was super sweet of her to ask because normally restaurants put out crappy drinks and don't care if you like it or not. overall this place was great and I'll be back! everyone should try this place, if their happy hour food was this good, I can only imagine how good their regular menu food is!. YUM YUM YUM. They always have a huge line going on but its worth every second. I don't know what is so magical about them but they are addicting. I use to work at PBR Rockbar and the only good thing about that place was being able to walk right across to earl of sandwich on my lunch break!. This place is so yummy! I wish they had a Juice 'N' Go in the Henderson area! It looks like one of those places where you would go to get your smog check for your car or something but besides that, you gotta love this place!

I came here (twice in one day) and ordered their acai bowl. (Pronounced: ahh-sah-ee) One for lunch time and I had to come back to get another for my after-work-snack! I made mine the traditional way and added strawberries, bananas and blue berries. Their organic granola and coconut shavings is what made the acai bowl. 

The workers are always friendly and pretty fast. 

I am definitely coming back to try some of their other things on the menu!. I had The Bogey on the sub roll with Classic Lays Potato Chips & a can of Pepsi. A lot of the crew at my work got something too & it was all very good! We got it delivered & it was here within a half hour & we will definitely be ordering from them again! The delivery girl was very nice too!. 10 stars. Great drinks and fun bartenders. A friend bought me a box of bars for my birthday and that's how this addiction began. After finishing my bars I was on a search to see where I could get more. I was so disappointed that I couldn't buy it in California. They only had an online store, Las Vegas, or New York. So I made it a point to buy some bars whenever I was in Vegas or New York. My favorites have grown to be: Mo's Dark Chocolate Bacon Bar, Wooloomooloo (macaddemia with coconut), Barcelona, and Creole. They also have truffles but I'm more interested in the bars because they last longer. 

These bars don't come cheap at $7.50 a bar. But it is oh-so-worth it once sink your teeth into one of these bars. These make really cute gifts as you can mix an match the bars or buy a pre-packaged bar set that comes nicely packaged with a purple ribbon. Well, until we meet again - I will be thinking about you.. What a great place to hold an event or meeting . With the Bronze Cafe you will experience amazing and health conscious fresh food . OMG the Loving v Virginia cookie brownie is heaven , pure heaven . Don't EVEN get me started on the jalepeno cheddar scones . STOP it already . My mouth was full of loving , kind sexi , delicious cuisine . I am happy and grateful our conference was held at THE CENTER . The Bronze Cafe rocked my culinary world. ! Ty ty ty ! Best to you always . Bon Apetit. Get in here ! NOW .. Great place for Mariscos in AZ!!! Seriously this place has the best ceviche in town it rivals with my favorite spot in Mexico. The tostadas de ceviche come with sliced avocado on top, which is delicious. I have had their fish & shrimp tacos and they are delicious as well. I've also had their margaritas and micheladas they are the perfect drinks to enjoy with Mariscos!! if you are not used to traditional Mexican seafood this place might not be for you.... they have a jukebox which is always playing Spanish music which is awesome if you were raised with this type of music. The prices are pretty reasonable as well for the amount of food you get. I truly enjoy the food and service here!!! Be adventurous and check it out!!!. Absinthe was probably the highlight of my weekend in Vegas (other than winning $160 at the airport penny slots - Yes, PENNY). The atmosphere was very fun, the comedy hilarious and raunchy, and the physical acts were so intense that my buddy kept screaming, "Holy SHIT!" over and over again. 

Skip the premade popcorn they sell in the tent - it only makes your hands salty and gets in the way of the alcohol absorption.. Great pizza that won't break your wallet.  3 small tables with 6 stools total inside if you want to grab a seat and eat in.  The staff is very social and will shoot the bull with you and you feel like one of the gang.  Come here when you want a nice inexpensive meal that will satisfy you.. Being a tourist from the States, I freaking' loved this place!  It was really festive and crazy - just what I'd imagine an Irish pub to be like.  There was a huge bachelor party at the time with a bunch of guys from Liverpool.  The owner of the bar gave us a couple free drinks, and a bunch of the guys ended up buying for us as well.  It was awesome!  The drinks were very decently priced too.  I wish there was one like this in the States.... This is a great place for burgers and fries and a drink for under $10... The custard is pretty good too! Family owned and no gambling items or other typical Vegas drawbacks for affordable non fast food locals.. Had an ok time when I was there. The front desk was nice. Decor was ok. Typical of a "spa" that's not part of a resort. Saw James for a deep tissue and I'll never see anyone else. He also gave the most amazing scalp massage. I can't deny I've fallen asleep for him before haha Definitely makes it worth the money.. This is my favorite steak-house of all time.  Better than Maestros, SW steakhouse (wynn), Ruth Chris...etc.  I've been here a couple times so I will review the last couple things I ate from various trips:

Meats:
1) Wagyu skirt steak.  It's melt-in-your-youth goodness.  After 3-4 pieces, it does get very rich, so my recommendation is to order it for the table and share family style.  It's a definite must-try.
2) Porterhouse:  AMAZING.  Perfectly seasoned and very tender.  It is a very large cut, so definitely needs to be shared with more than just 2 people (menu recommends 1 order/2 people, but it can feed 3 or 4 even, especially when you order side dishes too)
3) T-bone: Very tasty, but does not compare to the Porterhouse or Wagyu steak.  Still a great choice although the filet side is a bit dryer than all the other cuts.
4) Braised Short Ribs: Very tender.  The meat pretty much melts in your mouth.  This dish is a bit smaller in size, so it's not as filling as eating a steak.  Although the dish is well-prepared, I think ordering the steaks here is a much better option.  I've never had better steak anywhere else, but I have had comparable braised short ribs.

Sides:
1) Mushroom risotto:  If you like risotto, this is a must.  Probably the BEST risotto i've ever had.  Unfortunately, it wasn't available last time I was here.  They replaced it with another dish that they said was comparable but it wasn't at all.
2) Mushroom assortment:  A nice side if you enjoy eating mushrooms with your steak.  Good, but nothing too special.  
3) Potato puree:  Very smooth and rich.  It' s a nice side if you like butter.  I think they put a lot of butter into the puree.  It's like eating very creamy mashed potatoes
4) Asparagus:  A nice side if you want some greens in your meal, but it taste just like asparagus prepared anywhere else.  Not too special.
5) Corn: I forgot what they call it on the menu and it's only on the menu when it's in season, but this is one of the BEST side dishes here.  They grill the corn and then take it off the cob for you, so it's not cream corn, but more like grilled corn.  Very flavorful.  If you happen to eat here when it's available, it's a must-order.

Dessert:
1) Cinnamon monkey bread:  A bit too sweet for my tastes, but my friends really liked it.  If you love sugar, then maybe this dessert is for you, but it was way too sweet for me.
2) Chocolate souffle: Very rich.  If you like chocolate and u like rich desserts, this may be the pick for you.. LOVE this place!!!  Drinks are great with lots of unique options.  I like the spicy mango margarita.  It's not super spicy.  The cilantro margarita is good, too.  Their enchiladas are delicious, and we have had great service here.. Kohl's is hit or miss for me.  Sometimes it's great and there's a lot of stuff to choose from, and sometimes no matter how hard I try to spend money, I strike out.

But what bumps up my rating is that when it's good, it's very, very good.  Case in point: 

I bought a kitchen mat to replace the one my dog has slowly been chewing up.  I love that mat, and wanted the same one.  But it was expensive, they had only one available, it was not on sale, and worse, I didn't even have one of their ubiquitous coupons - unheard of!  I thought that $55 was an outrageous price to pay for a kitchen mat, even though it'sbigger than most.  I decided to buy it with the hope that it would be on sale in time to get a price reduction.  I made sure to read their circulars, which I hate doing, and lo and behold, they had a two-day sale on all rugs and mats:  50% off.  My $55 mat, along with the 20% discount I now had, ended up costing $22!  Ya can't beat that.

And therein lies a tale...

This location is much further from my house, but I was in the neighborhood and needed to get that price reduction.  It seems to havea much better selection of clothing than the one in Boca Park.. Yummy designer burgers. Can't believe I waited so long to try this place out. The smash fries are fabu :9. I have a love/fear relationship with local bike shops, because my experiences in NYC ranged from friendly to pretentious. Since I just moved to Madison, I wanted to check out Revolution but was a little nervous. I brought my bike in for a minor brake problem that I had tried to fix. The mechanic was extremely nice and took the time to educate me on how to deal with similar issues in the future. It took less than 5 minutes with no charge.  Another staff member helped me pick out a rack by providing info with no sales pressure. It was a great experience, and I am so relieved to have a local bike shop I can just love now!. I've used VEPCON (formerly called Valley East Pest Control) since the mid 1980's. Each time I moved, this is the company I called to handle our pest control needs. We've always received great, timely service at a fair rate. Jesse, the owner, and his employee are courteous and keep in touch with us to be sure we aren't having any pest issues. I highly recommend them!. I'm surprised by the low reviews. I was greeted the minute I walked in sat right away and my server came within a few minutes. everyone was very kind and attentive I had no real problems no long wait on anything. this is my first time ever going to arriba and it is an enjoyable experiment I will come again.. This was another Groupon find of mine, although I had heard about it (in a not so good light) from a friend. However, I do love me some Indian food, so I grabbed my partner and headed over there.

The Groupon was for $40, and at most places, if get get apps, food, dessert and iced tea, we hit that mark. Not here. We each order the fanciest Thali they had (comes with salad, naan, biranyi rice, desser, chai, mini mango lassis, dal and two veggie dishes), but they were only $15 a piece, so we wound up ordering two more starters (the potato pancake Chaat and fried Paneer) in order to hit our price point. And then we took a LOT of food home.

The mango lassis were delicious, as was the salad.  I wasn't such a fan of the chaat - it was a little too spicy and a little too mushy. I loved the fried Paneer, but who doesn't love fried cheese? It was great with the tamarind chutney.

As far as the main meal, I loved everything (though next time, will go with plain basmati rice). I especially enjoyed the paneer tikka masala and the malai kofta, my favorite dish ever. The dal was good -- I've never seen kidney beans in it before, but I liked it. The only thing I didn't absolutely love was the Saag Paneer - the texture was too smooth. However, my partner scarfed it down.

For dessert, I was expecting rice pudding, or the sweet balls. Instead, our awesome server asked if we'd tried carrot fudge. We hadn't, so she brought that out.

I liked it, except for the sultana raisins (I hate raisins). It didn't hit the spot for my partner though, and the chai wasn't as strongly spiced as I like (plus I prefer honey to sugar packets as far as sweetening it).

We'll be back, for sure. I might go with a small thali, but it's a really good deal, and an excellent amount of good food for the value. Glad I found it!. Service: Amazing

Food: Delicious

I would recommend the cabbage rolls or the pierogies. Two of my favorite things growing up and they do them well here. It makes me feel at home. Plus the people that work there actually seem as though they love their job. You don't get that everywhere. Which is another reason to support local businesses.. Excellent show! Super excited to finally see Zumanity, and sooooo happy it lived up to the hype and hoopla.

The theatre is amazingly mysterious and sensual itself. Smooth lines in the handrail, stage, and moving orchestra 'pit'.... Where even the band was in bondage leather!
 Some of the sexy cast is in the lobby for photo ops pre show. Delicious!

The show is campy and burlesque and comedy, just the right amount to warranty the 18+ age requirement.

The acrobatics were wonderful. The fit and muscle bodies of each and (almost) every cast member were a sweet sight for the fitness fanatic in me. I admire the strength, flow, and disciplined finesse of each move! Beauty in each move, and precision anybody can dig! Heck, I wanna marry half the cast right now!
Just a bit of a warning... It's like a comedy review, so if you don't wanna find yourself in the spotlight or on stage as Eddys 'pet', don't sit in the front rows!  Ha!
But do run, don't walk, to this show....and make sure it's with a loved one, cuz that muscle sensuality is just the appetizer, if you know what I mean...... Quite an extensive list of sushi roll choices. Of course, we were looking for uni w/ quail egg, hamachi sashimi, and hamachi collars -- they did not disappoint. The fish was fresh, quickly, and with a visit from one of the sushi chefs.

The decor was casual but classy. We ate here with our children which was fine because it was still early in the evening. The girls enjoyed udon with tempura and spicy ramen (which they adjusted to suit her taste). 

There are quite a few tables, individual semi-private "rooms" (tables separated by walls), and a sushi bar and about three televisions playing basketball.

One of the rolls we did indulge in was the Grand Canyon (since we had just come from there). It was sautéed scallops, shrimp, mushrooms, and onions over California roll. Delish! (My son did think it would have been cool to create an "Arizona Roll" and then top it with the sautéed mixture!)

We don't live here, however, we'd recommend this place to others. The service was friendly, attentive, and fast. We paid just about $100 for 3 rolls, 2 orders of uni, 2 orders of hamachi sashimi, hamachi collars, udon, and ramen. Pretty reasonable.. Drooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool

Drooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool

Drooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool

Carnevino ribeye, medium rare, thank you.

Sommelier was awesome, wait staff was super friendly, food was incredible. What else is there to say? Top notch Vegas restaurant, this is a 'don't miss' for LV.

The only thing that could make this place better is if they started serving seared baby.

What? Don't judge me.. seated right away in a busy Friday night.

Decided to go with their 8oz filet mignon. It was wonderful. good portion size. The sides were not that memorable.

good service. Our crew had received free shot from the kitchen.. One of my favorite stores for shoes. Wonderful selection. I especially love the clearance section organized by size. Super boot collection and great deals on purses. Self service so very comfortable environment.. Very good neighborhood place.  The food was good, service was great and nice atmosphere!. Lobster mac n cheese worth the cost to me, just get a drink. Something a little spicy builds up as you eat. Worth the walk, yum!!. Our first time trying Poutine - we ordered the regular and the smoked meat. Both were fantastic! The stone courtyard is lovely. The staff were also very nice.. You're missing out if you don't hire Miguel Flores for your cooling needs!  Miguel is honest, knowledgeable, hardworking and genuinely nice.  

We found this out the hard way because my hubby misunderstood Miguel's straight talk as a sales pitch.  So several months and many "interviews" with other contractors later, we were back to Miguel for our swamp cooler install.  Miguel's crew took their time to finish the job and take care of the little details.  Miguel didn't jack the price up even after he encountered complication after complication (our house was built in 1950).  When we think about all the little things that Miguel did for us and how he explained everything in detail, compared to the other scammers we met along the way, we thank our lucky stars that we found him.  

We plan on having him redo our duct work and install a new air conditioner in the future.. Loved that we could volunteer at this establishment that helped out homeless families.  We cleaned, prep food, served food, and cleaned the eating area.  We got a tour of the facility and it wonderful what they do for other in need of help!. They always accommodate you. Very professional. Super clean. I was in a bit of a rush today so they did a gel pedicure and gel manicure at the same time. this place.. This bank gets a total of five stars from me. They are professional and on point. I love this wells fargo in my book its the best location in vegas.. After a grotesquely long day of manual labor and dealing with people who wouldn't be able to decide whether they would rather be burned alive, buried alive, or go on a date with Angelina Jolie, my stomach is nagging at me as my mother used to while I was in high school.

Luckily I have received a request to find some place to eat for five of us, me and four other "men" (I thought women got all the blame for indecisiveness?). Something inexpensive. Something within one mile of the house. Something that will please all of us. In other words, something that possibly might not exist.

The five of us slumped into a small space that claimed itself as the authentic New Jersey pizza joint. Proof? There's two: a vanity NJ license plate that says "SOPRANOS" and a full-sized Sopranos poster to entertain you on your way to the bathroom.

We ordered the first pizza listed on the menu, the "bada-bing", and requested it Sicilian style. But one pizza is not enough for the five of us. A "not-from-New-Jersey chicken ranch", 16 inches please. 

Apparently no one at the table except me has ever eaten pizza containing ranch dressing before. To eat one of those, you must 1) like ranch and 2) like LOTS of it. It came to the table just oozing of the heavenly rich smell of ranch. Unfortunately the ranch was not evenly spread out, so it took a couple of slices for me to get to the gooey goodness. Great New York style thin and foldable slices, soft and chewy dough, and lots and lots of good ol' grease. Top that with a pitcher of beer and... 

Wait a minute, this isn't Vegas, this is a college town! Yes! They've got greasy pizza, lots of it, with lots of beer, and cheap price deals for them. A place that has pride in their pizza, rightfully so, believes that it is more entertaining for guests to listen to the radio while watching television at the same time, and the Sopranos is just the icing on the cake.

The Sicilian had a very crispy finish, which is not to my taste but people ate plenty of it nonetheless. It was piled high with the "bada-bing" toppings, but my joy was in the ranch pizza. 

It is close by, it is not pretty, it has lots of greasy food. I ate till I felt sick. Definitely not tourist-friendly. And it has all my love. If it was open later than 11pm, it would be perfect.. I used Heaven's Best for our high traffic office space that has not been cleaned in years. I also used them for my home. Each time they were on time, pleasant, thorough, efficient and did an outstanding job each time! They went above and beyond and made the process simple and easy. I would highly recommend Heaven's Best!. There's something to be said about performing stunts at your own risk and getting completely filthy from head to toe. It's just fun. This 3 mi course had a bunch of obstacles along the way such as the rope ladder, balance beam, wall climb, stomping over crushed cars, the mud pit of course, and a few others. My favorite aside from the mud pit was the jumping over the fire pit. When does this opportunity arise? Unless one is super drunk while camping....but somehow then it sounds stupid....but I digress.....
We dressed up in costumes and it was fun to see a few other teams do the same. I liked the t-shirt, and viking hat that came with the entrance fee, along with the finishers medal. What I didn't like was paying $10/car to park (complete B.S.), not being allowed to bring any of our own food/drink to the event. Since the awards ceremony was scheduled after the last leg we would have had to stay all day since we ran at 10am. At their prices for beer and food there's no way we could've stuck around for 6-7hours, which is too bad because I think we had a god shot!
Next year: no parking fee please, and lets do the costume contest beforehand!. Great buffet with unlimited mimosas, I only partook in the unlimited OJ Though. 

Definitely come here if you have a big group of people... and for those late stragglers, you can ask the host to let your guests jump the line and come on in.... Awesome (we were the late comers...). They have a variety of events at this venue.  It always seems safe and clean.  I've been there on Wednesday nights open mic when it is a casual chill crowd enjoying the patio.  Have also been there for OTEP (crazy crowd but they kept it real) and also Romantasy Cabaret where the crowd was more upscale but having a good time.

Professional sound and lighting that really bring the events a stellar professional feel.

Very versitile venue that manages to make all types of events happen.  Very cool place.. AZ Locksmith was efficient, professional and the locks and door knobs looked great after they were finished. I would recommend them!. it's Vegas, it's on The Strip, so obviously it's going to be super super SUPER crowded. If you're coming here, you better make reservations!!

Came for dinner on a Saturday night (made reservations at 6pm) and they seated us right away. Service was fantastic, never had to ask for a refill.

Ordered:
Butter Lettuce & Arugula Salad
Steak Classique
Salmon and Quinoa (OMGOMG, LOVE AT 1ST TASTE)

OH MY BLOODY HELL, the salmon and quinoa dish was so so so good. I was so full, but I didn't want the party in my mouth to stop. I'm a BIG seafood person, so I know what good fish tastes like, and let me tell you, this piece of salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection!
The steak was a bit on the bland side; could have used more salt, but it was a good and large-sized piece of meat and it came with a mountain of fries! The taste was nothing special, just your typical meat and fries.. Absolutely the BEST veggie omelette I've ever had. Huge portions and everything is extremely fresh and hot. Always will come back again and again!. I am new to the state of Arizona and had a mad craving for some good ole' Chinese Food that was not part of a 2 or 3 item combo with rice and noodles. I took my chances and stopped into this place. The lunch menu was reasonable around $5 - $7. However, I asked for shrimp egg fu yung which was not on the menu but available. I ordered it a la carte with shrimp fried rice. It was delicious. I will definitely stop by again. I am not sure of the other menu items but this was an excellent choice for me.. This place is such a hidden treasure for pastries. Their green tea cream puffs, cakes, and coffee are so tasteful, unique, and super yummy.  This place is so classy with their presentation too! With my sweet tooth, I'm not too sure that it's good that it's right next door to my dentist, but still one of my favorite dessert places in Vegas.. I LOVED Peepshow!! 

Because of all of the poor Yelp reviews, I went in with low expectations. I've been a follower of the Girls Next Door for ages, and Holly's always been my favorite. I have to agree that it was a treat to see her perform, even if her role wasn't a huge one. I squealed a little when she appeared. 

Josh Strickland is one AMAZING vocal artist. I was completely blown away by his performance, and I'd hate to imagine Peepshow without him. I'm not even sure they could pull it off! He carried the entire show, and I adore him for his vocal power.

Loved the music. Loved (most of) the acts. Never got bored and found myself rockin' out with the upbeat music. My husband really liked the show as well. 

Opt for better tickets as the lower priced seating is NOT comfortable. The usher directed us to the wrong place at first and we were sardines in a can. We moved to our actual seats which were much better. 

Honestly, I'd love to see this again so that I can see Holly sing :). Thank you so much for the wonderful service! Great and classy retro glasses and products at very reasonable price.. Pretty good for takeout. The meat is more sound than usual Chinese take out. I've never been to Mancini's or Prant's even though i've lived here 4 years. I finally stopped in for lunch today. I walked aimlessly downtown and was going to settle on a cheese fry from priminti's. 

Walking by Mancini's, a girl was eating a pepperoni roll inside that i noticed from the window. I heard great things about their roll and decided to try it out. It tasted AMAZING. I dont really know how to explain it. The roll cost $5.25 + 0.75 for the sauce.... (the sauce should come with in my opinion)

Anyways $6 and 5 minutes later i had a freshly made pepperoni roll that was delicious. I had full intentions on getting a treat from Prantl's on my way out, but i couldn't even finish the roll. i ate 2/3 and im saving the rest for later. Im sad i missed out on 4 years of Mancini's pepperoni roll.. Came here about 4 days ago, it was extremely large buffet. Never been to this buffet before.  Only came here because my grandpa was turning 100 so they gave us a free voucher for one person. The food was good, nothing I haven't tried though.  But the Dessert was LIFE. Creme Brûlée and Coconut sorbet. 

Would I come back for $23 per person?  Possibly.. You should try Pints on Penn! You haven't tried Pints on Penn because you didn't know it existed but now you do...so try Pints on Penn!

They have a nice variety of beer, which is not for me but my eating partner was very satisfied. I thought the beer cocktails were really cool and I would have tried one if I didn't get obsessed with the Watermelon Ginger drink! It had fresh watermelon and ginger beer. It was really great.

We order 3 apps that were really good!
Brown Sugar Bacon- 5 fat strips of bacon all covered in brown sugar with a mapley cayenne dipping sauce= win!
Stuffed zucchini- super fresh veggirs stuffed a home grown zuke. It was topped in cheese snd served with marinara. It was good but I wanted some sausage stuffed in there!
Stffed avocados- This was my fav! The avocado was grilled and stuffed with a corn salsa. The ingredients were supper fresh and the chips were homemade. I loved!

We didnt get a chance.ro try the entrees. During HH, the apps are $2 off and beer is $1 off!. Having just finished exams, I visited Kalpna for the third time last night with my boyfriend, to celebrate. 

Whilst I can understand the criticisms of others regarding the compulsory service charge of 10%, if you mentally calculate it while ordering your meal, it doesn't actually make this an expensive meal. Sure-it would be better if they let you decide how much of a tip you want to give regardless... 

Aside from this, I cannot praise the food anymore than I already have. I went for a memorable masala dosa again, and it didn't disappoint. It was crispy, the filling was spicy and full of flavour, and the sauces absolutely delicious. I was offered a refill of the sambar when I eagerly ate it before touching the dosa. The peanut and chilli dip was really quite special, the coconut cooling and creamy as it should be. There were so many exciting flavours going on! Robbie's thali was equally exciting: he got a few fried starters like pakoras with two dips, 2 fresh-from-the-oven naan, two mini portions of curry: one aubergine, the other okra, a lentil dhal, steamed basmati rice and a cardamom and pistachio rice pudding. It was beautifully served on a traditional silver thali plate, garnished with salad. It looked doable, but he soon found himself struggling with a huge quantity of food. Fortunately, it was so good that he did find that extra room in his stomach for everything. 

For pudding I opted for a saffron kulfi. It was creamy, extremely delicious and dense, unlike European ice cream with it softer and airier. The taste of saffron was very present. 

The dosa cost £8.75, the thali £12.50 and the kulfi £3.50. Having tried just about every South Indian in town, I must emphasise that this is the most authentic. Dosas are naturally vegetarian, and the addition of chicken and other meat is a Western variation. 

On a par with woodlands in London.. Experience:  Met a group of 8 folks to try this place out. The guy who organized the dinner had tried it before and said it was really good. 

Service:  The staff was great. They were very attentive, and made a few mistakes, they remedied immediately. I made a mistake ordering the wrong spring roll (not as big of fan of the fresh over fried...it's the country girl in me...we fry everything!  LOL! ), and they replaced with no complaint. I beefed their tip for that one! 

Facility:  It's located in the middle of a strip mall, and is a fairly small cozy spot. They have tables and chairs and some half booth seating along the walls. The decor is modern and beautiful, with their wine bottles displayed elegantly along the back wall. 

Food: The food was very good. I tasted the crab curry everyone raved about and it was delicious 5/5, but warning, the portion is fairly small, so I only took one small bite of my friend's. The guy who ordered it was very disappointed, and had to order more food. 
Fried spring rolls: 3.5/5 they were good. There were 4 rolls and some sweet and sour sauce on the side. They were crisp, but the inside lacked a little flavor. 
Pad See Ew: 4/5 This is my go-to dish to determine if I like a place. The flavor was truly delicious, but the noodles were overcooked and bordered on mushy, and there wasn't very much pork in it. But it tasted so good, which is why it has a high rating. Oh, and I ordered it extra spicy, but it was only about a 5/10 on the spicy scale for those fellow heat lovers. 

Overall:  I would come back here, but not my number 1 spot for Thai in town. Luckily that still goes to a place very close to my home. However, this is in the top 5 Thai places I've tried. Look forward to coming back again to try other dishes.. I bought a Groupon for TruFusion at $50 for 20 classes. It ended up being a great decision financially, and physically. I am in best shape of my life and so grateful to be apart of it! They use all of my fav exercises. I mainly go to hot pilates because I am a dancer so helps me remain lean and flexible. :)

I have a gym membership as well, but I rarely use it. This just seems to give me a greater workout, and I feel I am actually developing a skill. Where as, at a gym I am just cycling on a bicycle. It's boring. TruFusion is fun! They usually play great music.

Teachers here are encouraging and helpful. You can walk in on any teachers class and I guarantee each class is going to be as great as class before. Which helps me because of my sporadic schedule. Teachers use similar exercises, but change it up.

The rooms are clean, and large. The showers are nice and clean. The whole place is modern. There is alkaline H2O available, as well. :)

I must say, I am impressed. I have experienced hot yoga at a few places and TruFusion is THE BEST! The best workout, best staff, and even your peers are wonderful! ;)

+

The price is unbelievable.

Thanks guys! ;). Holiday Dry cleaners is currently the place I use most to get my dry clean on. Almost any deal site " Half Off Depot ", "Groupon", "Living Social", "SweetJack", has had Holiday Dry Cleaners on their site, which is great because sometime dry cleaning can be expensive! I'm always greeted and taken care of promptly. One time a clasp from my pants had fallen off while at Holiday and the next time I came in (I didn't notice till I was home) they fixed it no problem, no hassle. This location is convenient for me, though leaving the parking lot can sometimes be tricky I enjoy going here, they even have a drive up window, though I haven't used it yet. Give them a try!. I love Massages and my new massage therapist Megan was AWESOME! I bought a groupon for this hidden gem and am so glad I picked the "3X" option. I get to go back in Dec. & Jan. WOOHOO!!!! Megan also taught me why I was having such back pain like I do and treated me like a friend. I felt completely comfortable there and wish I could go back today!. This is my favorite place to eat in Champaign-Urbana. The pitas are amazing, the service is fast, and the employees are friendly. I see the owner working in there every time I go, and he is always happy and friendly. I hope they bring one to my home-town! Two thumbs up for the Pita Pit!. Nice little shop in the corner of a strip mall just North of Russell on Decatur....
Greeted by a friendly energetic woman Nicole, one of the owners, and her husband Frank, the talented gunsmith who runs the back end of the shop.  Very nice couple who helped me convert my G42 into a 9 + 1 along with grips and tritium night sights...was completed in just 1 day.  Pricing was very reasonable.
Staff was excellent, friendly, sharp and professional.  I will continue to use them as long as I have firearms that need any kind of mods.
Pricing on the selection of firearms they have in stock was very reasonable.  
Will also purchase my next pistol from here.  Hope they open up a store in Summerlin closer to where I live.  Regardless, I will make the drive, and spend the money, more than worth it.. I don't typically give 5 stars on a first visit, but this place was very impressive (and I've had their food at many a food event, so fairly sure it is legit delish). The husband and I went here before getting dinner on our one year anniversary (we were in the area early and decided to drop by). We only had drinks, but the food specials looked great... burgers on special on Fridays, tacos on Thurs... lots of good sounding specials. Anyway, The bartender was nice and helpful. I ended up getting the peach smash, which had bourbon, peach, house made blackberry syrup (made fresh daily), and ginger... this drink was legit... one of the tastiest drinks I've had in awhile. The husband tried a new local beer he hadn't had before, and it was quite good as well. I will definitely be back.. I wanted to try a new threading place once this other place messed up my eyebrows pretty severely. I mean the other place cut off part of the end of my eyebrow and shaped each eyebrow completely different. This place, on the other hand, was awesome. They have some Yelp check-in special, always a plus. They also made my eyebrows look PERFECT. No complaints. They're brand new. I'm sure the Ganesh statue in the shop will help them with their business. :D. I've been a customer for years.  They are the most reliable and trusted mechanics I've ever done business with.  They will even give you a ride back home if you need one!  Great company to do business with!  Hope Lyon. THE BEST SALON IN SCOTTSDALE/PHOENIX!  I started going to David and Frank over 5 years ago when they were at the Red Door.  When I found out they were opening their own salon I was thrilled!!  They are absolutely amazing and we all know how hard it is to find a good hair colorist and stylist.  I just had my hair done at their new salon and was very impressed with how professional and friendly the staff was.  David and Frank did an amazing job, as they always do, and I am so proud to be one of their first clients at their new high-end hair salon.   I highly recommend this salon to anyone in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, not matter where you live.  It's worth the drive!. I have found the creme de la creme of a educated blonde hair stylist .  Doctor Blonde aka Raul. 

He understands his clients and is a wonderful stylist that's not afraid to try new things and take what you want to the next level.  My favorite part about him -- he's a perfectionist.
I live in vegas where being blonde is somewhat of a trend. I however wasn't looking to be the typical platinum blonde you see everyday. I was shooting for ash and beige. And he nailed it our first appointment.  All I can say is if your looking for a specific blonde, highlights or lowlights and whatever color of your choice Raul is your man. 

I'm a client for life. Luv ya Doctor Blonde!. This is a very wonderful theatre and an awesome experience. I love this place and it definately is worth the extra $$.  

I do really wish it was a tad less expensive.  And I wish they served more of the yummy popcorn! It's very good!  The facility is super nice, but someone said there aren't kids allowed and I saw a ton of kids coming out of an age appropriate movie with their parents. No complaints, with the appropriate supervision I actually enjoy kids!

There are some mixed reviews here, and I have my own...but the overall experience has been 5 star worth.  It's probably really a 4, but it seems like the folks who own these theatres are really working hard for their clients and want this to be a great experience.  

Some things still need to be worked out:

--The bar is silly, but very gorgeous and comfortable.  We just had horrible service, for no reason - we were 2 of 4 folks at the bar!  One bartender was wonderful, but he just disappeared and never said good-bye. The new bartender never asked us for a refill (their loss) but then the waitress from the theatre came and sat with us and she was so helpful and got our glasses refilled - so we tipped her later, not the  barkeeper!

--The birthday policy is odd. It is written down as the week of your birthdya, but actually the free tickets are only AFTER the birthday, not before it?  Not even one night before the birthday. So I am a single mom, married to a professional musician and well...Tuesday is the ONLY day we both have our evenings free this week for our romantic birthday celebration!  So, I begged this awesomely nice person in customer service (Frank Donnelly) and get them to approve free tickets. The managers, Phil Miglino & Valerie Irizarry are on board and giving me a free ticket, so we are going again tonight.  Thanks Phil and Val! :-)

-- The chairs are entirely tooo comfortable and we might fall asleep.  It's better than being at home!

The best things are:
---The chairs - go for it and get the reclining ones if you are going!
---The FRESH popcorn (who said it wasn't fresh, total liars...ours was awesome!)
---The servers who care! They are so awesome!!!!  I think our server's name was Candace and she was AMAZING. 
---The bathrooms are luxurious 
---The food is decent and the Tuesday pricing is reasonable for food as well as GREAT for beer and wine!. Four words: The Smoky Tuscany Omelet.

The omelet is currently on Alo's New Specials Menu. If someone from Alo is reading this, may I ask: is this heavenly dish on its way to becoming a permanent menu item?

Also, thank you for introducing me to Curried Ketchup.. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I think it's better than Starbucks.  Their signature drink, Grouchy John Frap is the best.  Although, I can't seem to tear myself away from that one to try more. ;-)   Love how they have smoothies for the kids as well!. All you can eat cupcakes?  Who wouldn't love that?  There were multiple vendors here with some standard cake type flavors (e.g., red velvet, lemon raspberry), and some more unusual selections (e.g., prosciutto with fig jelly, pancake with bacon crumbles, smores).  We had a good time going to each booth and trying some of each cupcake.  They also had some goody bags that included chips, brochures, and popcorn.. I really wanted a pair of Toms for my birthday, but the pair I picked out was not available in my size. We called Toms to see if they would get more in stock, but they said that they were discontinued and the only thing we could do was go to stores that sold Toms and see if they had that particular style in stock. We heard that this store sold Toms, so we stopped by. While we were browsing, the associated asked if we needed help. I explained my situation, and the sales associate went out of her way to find out which style I was talking about. When we found it, she explained that they no longer had that style. Before we were getting ready to leave, the associate told us to wait. She went to the back and pulled out the shoe I wanted, but in a children's size. They fit perfectly, and as I was going to buy them, she offered to knock 10 bucks off the price. So, not only did she go out of her way to help me, she also gave me a fantastic deal. I will be sure to recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a pair of shoes, and I will be sure to come back here next time I am looking for some Birkenstocks, Toms, Rainbows, or Sanuks. Fantastic experience.. A friend of mine invited me out for brunch to Jim's Coney Island Cafe.  I must have passed it a million times, but never really noticed.  The location is on the West side of Scottsdale road, just north of the freeway.  It's tucked beside an apartment complex and is a freestanding little restaurant.

You seat yourself with choices ranging from seats at the bar to cozy two-seater booths to your more typical larger booths.  There is even room in the back for private parties.  Once I found an open booth, I was quickly greeted and supplied with beverages.

We stopped in for brunch at about 10am on a Monday holiday, but judging by the depth of the menu, you can pretty much enjoy some good items at reasonable prices for lunch and dinner as well.  

The cuisine offers Mexican, Greek and Polish influences.  I had to get the Greek Omelette.  It was a three egg omelette with large mushrooms, chopped tomatoes, gyro meat and crumbled feta cheese.  Side options vary from something healthy like cottage cheese to skillet cooked potatoes ("house fries"), which were nice.  My eggs were not quite warm enough for my taste, which I think had to do with the fact that we waited quite some time for the food to arrive.  The service was super friendly but not super fast, so I would come to this establishment when you have some time to kill. 

Nice ambiance, thumbs up :). gorgeous shopping palace. walked in and felt like a princess. too bad I didn't carry enough money to buy anything! The statues and the little waters were just beautiful. It brought back fond memories of my first time stepping into this palace when I was a child. It hasn't changed a bit! Lots of variety of shops, eateries, clubs..etc. 

LIKE IT.. Plus cher que d'autres restaurants de sushis mais tellement bon ! Personnellement je préfère commander à emporter que manger sur place. L'endroit est petit et l'on est poussé vers la sortie dès que notre assiette est terminée.. We go for breakfast here to celebrate every family birthday and Mother's Day/Father's Day celebrations. The food is fantastic! I usually order a skillet (every one I have tried is really good). The seasonal breakfasts are generally amazing as well. Pumpkin Pancakes and the Brûléed Banana Waffle is to die for! I highly recommend this place.. Came here with a group of 10, and it took a while for them to seat us even though the restaurant was "empty" in my opinion. But other than that, the food was good, the waiter was attentive, and no one had a complaint.. Mr. Aru of PostNet (inside Smith's) is something of a Yelp celebrity. I mentioned this to him when I visited his PostNet branch on N Jones. Because he's modest, he just smiled rather shyly & denied this. I don't regularly go to PostNet-type places to mail out stuff, but I needed to get some passport photos taken, plus mail out some documents afterwards. We went to Mr. Aru's PostNet & didn't regret our decision.

Everyone at this PostNet was nice, helpful, patient & friendly. On top of that, they charge about half of what others charge for a set of 2 passport photos. I called about 4-5 other businesses to check. $15 for a couple of 2"x2" passport pics is no go, not in my book. Because $15 x 2 = $30. $30 for 4 small pieces of paper & some ink is a little steep. At PostNet, it's $6 x 2. That's $12, & actually less than half of what others charge.

There was some issue with my photos that day but Mr. Aru promised that he'd call to let us know as soon as everything was OK. True to his word, we received a call from him the following day. I was supposed to write my name on the back of my photos, too, but he said he would ask the missus to do this for me. Thanks for everything, Mr. Aru :). Love this park! It has something for everyone. I will continue to drive the distance to go to this park.. Salon Renew is an incredible gem in the heart of scottsdale. A two woman operation with phenomenal stylists who can cut and color like no others. I'm new to the area and worried about finding a replacement for my beloved hairdressers there. I'm never looking back! So in love with this place! Do yourself a favor and make an appointment. Happy hairdressing!. I got the Signature Café Apple and Walnut Salad with Chicken. That salad was definition bomb.com. It even came with a fork!! Everyone knows salads aren't legit unless they're prepackaged with a fork. The chicken was moist, apples were crisp, and they were not stingy with the dressing. Mama likes her dressing. Let's be real...the Safeway Café is the only legit place in Coolidge to eat lunch. Man cannot live on Subway alone. The walnuts were candied....personally I like my nuts raw, but who am I to judge? The ambiance was amazing! I would classify the lighting as "dim mood lighting". Quick check out process and I earned Safeway points to put toward fuel. This was definitely a positive lunch time experience and I will definitely be back....because again....man cannot live on subway alone.

laterz baby. After eating at Delmonico, I seriously didn't want to eat for days! I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my my, it was humongous. I finished the whole thing (no, not the bone also). It was a really delicious piece of meat. It was cooked medium rare perfectly. As if the steak wasn't rich enough for us... we decided to add on the seared foie gras. Very good piece of fat! For the sides, we ordered the corn, cream of spinach, broccoli and buttered asparagus. Much needed to counter the meat. 

Service was excellent as you expect it to be. I really enjoyed this place and it is great for a fancy dinner one of your nights in Las Vegas. Note that you probably don't want to do anything after. Food coma to the maxxxxxxxxxxxxx!. I have had the opportunity to go here twice recently and loved it both times.  The food is fresh and healthy.  The service is a little slow but that is due to everything being cooked fresh upon order, which is defiantly worth the wait.. I just had a haircut done by Roxanne at The Root today. First of all the salon is really clean and pretty. Very beautifully decorated. As soon as I walked in the door I was offered a drink of water or soda and also offered the use of one of those coffee machines. I sat around waiting and the appointment did start about 15-20 minutes after my appointment time but I was hanging with my mom and there were plenty of magazines (plus cookies and water/soda) so no problem.
Then Roxanne came over and introduced herself. We talked about how I wanted my hair as she gently combed it out and she even pulled out a comb to measure how much I wanted cut off which was really awesome since I always worry they will cut too much. She was charming and chatty throughout the haircut and it was really fun to talk to her and hear her tips. 
The result: I absolutely love my haircut. She listened really well to what I was asking for and gave me exactly what I had in mind. I will most definitely be coming back for my haircuts in the future. Thanks Roxanne!!!. Hauley has given me one of the best facials ever!! I always walk out feeling refreshed and like my skin is glowing! She really knows what she's doing and makes you feel so comfortable and relaxed. I highly recommend her!!. I was pleasantly surprised by the very tasty Asian dishes. I started with the traditional wonton soup which was fresh and abundant. Then I ordered a chicken tori-Katsu Don at a very reasonable $9.99. The crispy chicken breasts were light, perfectly roasted and crispy. The rice and egg were a pleasant surprise as I scooped up a sweet sauce that was dribbled all over the rice. 
The service is personable and quick. We were served lemon water and a hot strawberry green tea. 
I know I will be back to try the rest of their menu especially the Yasai Tempura Rice, Special Braised Beef Rice, and Pan fried Dumplings. There is something for everyone. 
Cheers to the new opening! Or like they say in Chinese: GON BAY! Which actually means "Drain your glass." At one point in time, people in China actually expected you to drain your glass as quickly as you could. But nowadays, the Chinese Cheers! doesn't require you to drink it all in one gulp!. If there's a porch I can sit at that absolutely transforms the vibe and view of Ellsworth Ave into something close to "romantic"....bonus points!! Also, tiny Turkish coffees on giant Turkish gold platters with a delicious tiramisu of unknown origin...regular points!! Who knew this place was so neat - and affordable, too, judging solely by dessert experience and a cursory reading of the full menu. Should have asked who Daphne was.. I have been using Maids for over 5 yrs. I love coming home to a nice clean smelling home and knowing I don't have to do anything that weekend (I get my house done on Friday). I recently added a tenant and told this person the night before Maids come, you need to "pick up" so they can "clean up"! I've always made sure everything is picked up so when Maids come in, they have no problem getting right to the job I hired them to do and that's cleaning! Love these ladies!. Ordered delivery from Eat24... The food came much quicker than expected, on a Saturday! Was given 45-60 mins quote, arrived in less than 30. 

Ordered beef and broccoli, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, won ton soup, egg rolls, and crab rangoons (family dinner B, I believe). 

The crab rangoons and egg rolls were NOT dripping in grease, unlike other Chinese restaurants in the area (lived on this side of town for many years and I've tried them all). The egg rolls were a little bland, but they were fresh and crunchy. The beef and broccoli was a little bland too, but the veggies were VERY fresh. The broccoli was perfect crisp, not soggy. The sweet and sour pork was average, but again,  not greasy like many other restaurants. The friend rice was... Not very fried. The rice was literally still white, I've never had fried rice that didn't look or taste fried. 

All in all, it was pretty good, I wasn't blown away, however was not disappointed either.. $1 tacos on Tuesdays, awesome guacamole with chips for about $4 and authentic ingredients. Oh wait, it's Tuesday! I think I know what I'm having for lunch.. First of all, the staff here is SO nice. Second, they offer a number of gluten-free options (*not* just salads), and all their delicious sauces are gluten-free.

The first time I visited, as soon as I mentioned I wanted a gluten-free bun, the staff was quick to let me know what was and wasn't gluten-free on the menu, down to the seasoning on the sweet potato fries. The second time I visited, I found the staff just as knowledgeable and helpful. 

The staff is very hospitable - they check on you without being obtrusive, and no request is too small or too silly. The second time I visited, my best friend from college had come down to see me after more than a decade of not seeing each other, and when the manager came over to check on us he asked if the music could possibly be turned down a bit. (Since we were early and the first ones there, it seemed louder than it would have otherwise.) The manager immediately turned it down and soon after, came out to check to see if the new volume was as my friend hoped. So nice!

Another thoughtful touch: the hand-washing sink near the back entrance. 

The prices are a tad high for burgers and fries but not more than other local places, and their sauces are amazing, especially the honey mustard and apple cider sauces. (Try the toasted marshmallow sauce at least once!) And you can use your Ballantyne card to get a discount.

My one wish: if you have a gluten allergy and you also don't eat beef, there are no burger options for you. The turkey and veggie burgers are made with bread crumbs. During my second visit I ended up just getting a basket of sweet potato fries since I really don't eat beef, and the staff obviously felt terrible. They kept asking if there was anything else they could possibly get me. Again, so nice.. Rao's has the best meatballs.  I order this as an app and I pretend I'm at the original in NY.  This restaurant has such good energy with the Christmas decorations, pics, and happy employees.. It's always interesting how everyone has their go-to mexican restaurant...mine, hands down, is Fiesta Cafe. I've been going here since I was a little kid and it's difficult to find another restaurant that can compete. I love how their salsa is always fresh, service is AWESOME, their margaritas are great (get the don julio blanco and you won't be disappointed) My favorite dish is Tacos Mexicanos with chicken and a side of rice with white cheese sauce...mhmmm, delicioso!. Went to this particular location for a friends birthday lunch last December. Great service and great food!   

This is a great place to get lunch if you have some extra time during your lunch break or if its your day off.  Pretty mellow atmosphere during the day, gets pretty busy during the evenings.  

Before our friend arrived we told the waitress that it was her birthday and asked if at some point towards the end of the meal we could get some kind of little birthday dessert brought out. She delivered on that towards the end of the meal, no charge.    She was a great waitress in every other aspect of our meal as well.  Made it such a great experience.

The food was pretty good as well, especially the lettuce wraps. There were no complaints from anyone at the table about the food, there was praise all around.  Best part was it was a pretty cheap meal for 3 people, at least cheaper than i expected it to be and that's always a pleasant surprise. 

This is definitely my favorite Yardhouse out of all the ones in the Las Vegas area.  Will have to go here again when we get the chance to visit Vegas again since we now live in Utah.. Stayed here for a night while visiting Arizona. Was very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, and the room.  The servers in the bar area and restaurant were very cordial and prompt with their service. The food portions were generous, and the food was delicious!

Take the shuttle here from the airport, then take the light rail to downtown.. Riff raff... hahaha. So true. But seriously... I don't think it's that expensive! Definitely much cheaper than going out in a bigger city. Especially if you go during the week with their drink specials. Or have someone take you there on a date. Besides, you can't beat half-priced bottles of wine on Sunday. Also. Chips and dip are a must. 

I feel like nothing bad could ever happen at Opus. Wait. Actually, that's a lie. I was set on fire by a B52 shot gone wrong. lol. In the bartender's defense... he'd never made one before. hahaha. Anyway, long story short- I hearts the Opus and get the warm fuzzies when I think about it =). The friendly folks who work here are super nice and took very good care of my dog!  The price, as well as the customer service is superb and I will be coming back monthly for Bailey's grooming needs.  They also paint nails, which is a huge plus in my book!  I recommend this place to anyone with dogs!