Breakfast at Du-par's is simple yet stunning. Staff are friendly and helpful. It offers great value for the money. Situated in the Golden Gate Hotel, the oldest in Las Vegas.. Love it here. Great place for a date and yummy steaks. If you want a nice date night then go gambling at a local spot, this is the place!. My family has been coming here for over ten years, no place I'd go in town than to see Mark for my brakes! Honest, affordable and the best service.. the customizable soda station gets 4 stars alone! But then I had my burger. Delish! The bun was toasted but also super soft which doesn't normally work but it was perfect! 
I'm not normally a big fan of fries, could take them or leave them, but Five Guy's fries are sooooooo very good!!!! 
I'd never heard of this place until the other day when I was in Phoenix with my boyfriend. He suggested it and so I said "what the heck". So glad I made that decision. Then I go on the website and find out they have locations in the Seattle area! This could be very good or very bad depending on how you look at it. 
One suggestion, if your appetite isn't very large, go with the Little Burger. My boyfriend has been here before and warned me ahead of time. It was very good size on its own so I'm glad I didnt go with the regular one. They also give you tons of toppings options at no extra charge. All in all, can't say anything bad about this place. They even have peanuts you can munch on until your order is up.. With a sandwich, you have to have great bread...Chris Bianco is a master breadmaker. The fresh basil, tomato and buffalo mozzarella sandwich is to die for (not to mention everything else)! Worth every bite!. DH and I had a lovely meal at Johnny's Italian Steakhouse on Friday night.  We made 7:00 reservations and were seated promptly upon our arrival. The service from the host and our server was attentive and pleasant.  

We each had a 6 oz. filet mignon -- mine was Filet Oscar, and his was the Parmesan crusted filet with butterflied shrimp stuffed with crab.  We both ordered the filets cooked medium and they both turned out perfectly.  The sides were delicious.

I ordered a drink from the bar with a minor modification and it arrived exactly as I expected it to be.  

I am giving Johnny's 4 stars because, frankly, it isn't The Post House in Manhattan or even Morton's, but it is good for what you pay.  The Filet Oscar was $32 and the Filet with stuffed shrimp was $28.  These are high prices for the Madison market but low for comparable food in larger urban markets.

Thanks, Johnny's, for a memorable meal.. This place is delicious and authentic! You wouldn't know it's here one of Vegas's hidden gem!!!! Must try if you can appreciate real food.  Herb is an excellent waiter and pianist!!. I love these cupcakes so much that I make a trip there from Rock Hill when there is a special occasion.  I bought cupcakes there at Thanksgiving; all different flavors.  After lunch, we had a blast trying the different ones.  When my adult children have a birthday, they look forward to the cupcakes I bring them from Blushing.  We had a wedding shower on St Patrick's Day and had Car Bomb cupcakes.  Everyone at the shower loved these cupcakes.   I can't not even imagine giving them anything less than 5 stars for the acutal cupcakes.  I have talked to owner.  I don't like container that they provide for a dozen cupcakes.  It is difficult to remove but that is the only thing that I don't like about this place.  I have tried several other places around the area and NO PLACE compares to these marvelous cakes.. When your in Vegas and want to venture off the strip of a great breakfast. Just down W. Sahara you will find this gem. 

The food is great the banana nut muffins are awesome. It has a very down home atmosphere and very friendly service. Excellent place for parents with kids and wont break the bank.. We are so incredibly thankful for Tara Newberry and her team.  It is difficult to convey in words how much Tara has done to assist us in going through short sale mediation.  First, she is one of the most ethical attorneys we have ever met.  Our initial consultation resulted in us completely understanding the process of short sale in Nevada, to include the many new and changed laws.  Tara spoke with us in detail and provided analysis of our situation, to include her professional advice and options. Our meeting wasn't about her; she was refreshingly focused on us and our situation. We never felt pressured to retain her; however, we knew after speaking with her for a short time how professional, competent, and capable she was.  Throughout the mediation and short sale process, she has been there for us.  Her office staff-- to include her office manager Adele-- is truly amazing.  Adele has been impeccable in organizing the vast amount of paper work needed, and she answered emails and questions sometimes minutes after they were generated.  We always felt like she was there to help us without passing any judgment, and if she didn't have an answer right away, she found out and got back to us.  Representing us at the mediation conference, Tara thoughtfully and carefully, found errors that the bank had made, to include not having the documentation they needed to pursue any actions on our part.  Had we not had her representation at the meeting, we would have never appreciated that the bank had not done their due diligence in presenting documents.  I just wonder how many other people go through mediation not aware that the bank has not followed procedure and processes.  I am sure there are many.  If you find yourself in the position where you need to short sale your home, Tara is your gal.  In fact, if you find you need an attorney for anything, I would recommend you see her first.  Caring and extremely competent, Tara has enabled us to retain our dignity and change our lives for the better.. Always great service at Nail Depot! I used to live right across the street, and frequented this nail salon. I moved a year ago and I had not been back until tonight. I found myself with a Sunday evening free and every nail salon near my home closed. I figured I would drive up and even though the hours say they close at 5, they took me at 5:45!
I was a little afraid that my pedicure would be rushed and sloppy, but I really wanted one so I took the chance. So glad I did! The man took his time(over an hour!) and did an excellent job. I chose pedicure #2 which included callus removal, sea salt scrub, and a 15 minute lower leg massage.
The cost was higher than I have paid elsewhere, $37 before a tip, but I am a very happy customer. In the future I will remember that this place is worth the drive!. A breath of fresh air as far as customer service! This Old Navy is better than the one at Town Square. Tons of stock and I am loving the Fall line!  The associates were amazing and super helpful. Very attentive and upbeat. We came in 30 minutes until closing and they never tried to rush us out. They gave great service even though I'm sure they were ready to go home too. I will definitely make the journey to Henderson again for this store. An $39 sweater was mislabeled on sale for $25. When it rang up full price, we noticed the sign the was wrong and they automatically changed the sale price without giving any hassle.  That's great service!. Simple Cure provides a wonderful service in a calm, relaxed atmosphere. I've been a client for almost two years and this is my favorite spot to unwind. Rates are very reasonable and membership is definitely worth it! Julie is an INCREDIBLE massage therapist and better than any therapist I've had at fancy expensive resort spas. Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming (thank you Amanda & Courtney!). The lobby was also recently remodeled with beautiful decor and furniture. I highly recommend Simple Cure! Five stars!!. Dena is hands-down the best stylist I have ever been to in Charlotte, or any other city! I went to Dena loyally for 5 years and recently moved to Manhattan. I strongly encourage anyone new to Charlotte or looking for a change to visit Volume salon! All of the ladies are highly talented and wonderful people in general. I think one of the main reasons I stayed in Charlotte as long as I did was the fear of leaving Dena! She is a miracle worker :) Also, Tina is a wonderful massasue and waxer!. The food was great and so was the service! The owner offered many great suggestions and the food was prepared fresh and in a timely manner. The red curry was delicious as were the potstickers. Be sure to order the coconut ice cream with sticky rice for dessert! We will be back when we are in Phoenix again. Did I mention the friendly service? These guys do it right!!. True definition of Chicago flavor! They are family owned and operated and never skimp on the serving. They also carry all the Vienna brand product for the absolute best all beef Chicago dogs! I had my usual Italian Beef (wet) with sweet peppers and Giardiniera the pic speaks for itself! Im in heaven! This meal is not for the faint at heart .......dieters beware lol. Hanny's drink menu has more options than eTrade, so obviously I freaking love it. It also makes me feel like I'm in that scene from the end of Drop Dead Fred when she's in the big scary house. Don't know why it reminds me of that scene..maybe the high ceilings? But that's pretty cool too.

One star deduction only because if I worked at place with a drink menu this freaking awesome, it would be all I'd ever want to talk about. In fact, I don't even WORK there and I still find ways to bring up Hanny's drink menu in regular conversation. But try to engage your bartender and two times out of three (I say this because there were three bartenders when we went and I tried to talk to all of them and only of them humored me), you'll get the cold shoulder. That's right, you will get #2 of the top ten ways to say no to drugs, circa  the D.A.R.E. program, 1994. 

Anyway, I've been here a few times and have always had fun, mostly because I am all about the Pimm's Cup so if it's anywhere on a menu, I'm probably having a good time. I told my boyfriend that Hanny's was special because they actually served real Pimm's Cups and most places can't. He didn't believe me and responded that he's sure Ocean Club could serve a Pimm's Cup. I responded that I have already tried (I haven't) and they couldn't (I wouldn't know, I haven't tried). Just so you all know how I roll when it comes to challenging my unchecked facts.

I also had some Absynthe (this is what I wanted to ask the bartenders about when I got THE COLD SHOULDER). It was okay. It tasted like Sambuca but was a lovely shade of green. I don't think the kind they sell here in the U.S. have hallucinogenic properties but it was about my 6th drink of the evening so I obviously had a good time with it.

I haven't had the food but I will definitely be back for some more Pimm's Cups. I don't give a shit if Ocean Club has them.. I love you Carly. Are you single? 

Anyways, enough with the creepiness but I really do love this place. After my first meal here which consisted of hummus, two dirty martinis and the Ex-Patriot Sandwich on a Saturday at 4, I blurted out, "Hmmm......I wonder if there is a way that I can move in here." Which was a problem for two reasons. 1) My best friend was in the middle of an emotional breakdown because of her boyfriend and she could tell that I was really not listening and 2) I was serious. I lived in New York for a while and sitting in Carly's on a Friday night, with the live music, all the scarves and the skyline almost made me feel like I was in Soho, and that made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I also love Carly's because they serve their beer in adorable glasses and give a full presentation when serving absinthe as well. And Chimay. They serve Chimay. I had never had it before but now, I love it!!! Thanks Carly!!! Also, Stella on draft?!?!?! MMMMMMMMM so refreshing. It's as thirst quenching as Gatorade. Aside from the alcohol, I order something different every time I eat and I have never been disappointed. Yay Carly's!!!. Um... WOW.
This place is hands-down my favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh.

I came in in a bad mood and was determined to be miserable and stubborn throughout my meal, thinking there were not enough vegetarian options and I didn't want the "tofu" or "corn grits." Man was I wrong.

The prices are really low for the INCREDIBLE quality of food and service. And the serving sizes are impressively large for this price anywhere, too. I've been in here to see vegetarian entrees as low as $14.

The server was really, really cool. He was really spacey and unique, like a weird hippie foodie dude, and I really digged it. I asked for his recommendations and he asked me "How do you feel about the weather changing?" When I said I didn't like it and missed summer he suggested the tofu and mushroom plate for the overall feeling and warmth of the plate. Pretty cool, I thought, then he asked if I would like to hear a detailed description of the two plates I was considering as well. I said yes, and he rattled off a very detailed description of the entire cooking process of the entrees, all of the ingredients and importance of the garnishes and again, the overall mood and feel of the plate. All while staring out into the distance, of course. Very cool, this guy knew his food and clearly took pride in serving right it and truly keeping people happy.

To make the rest of the story short, the appetizer of beets and the entree of corn grits (with a bunch of other stuff) and the s'mores desert were all to die for. This place really opened my eyes to subtleties and fine crafting to a whole new level.

The s'mores also really surprised me with their complete and total perfection, from the sea salt on the chocolate to the choice of Golden Grahams to accompany the elderflower ("regular" graham crackers could not compare and I'm so glad they realized this and owned it). I'm a huge floral fan and it's always too subtle everywhere I go. These s'mores go with the taste of the elderflower with the sweetness of the torched marshmallow in ways that blow my mind. I've come back just for this desert before because I was craving it so badly.

What an art. *applauds*. Imagine Portlandia and all the types of hipsters there.  Like, even the subcultures with no names.  
They're at Handmade Arcade - with all their styles, all their wares.  One day a year, in one place, you can stock up and become the best kind of hipster there is: the Ironic Pittsburgh t-shirt Yinzer Hipster.  Doesn't get better than that.  I should know.... This time I ordered Beef Chow Fun..which not alot of Chinese restaurants have. And it was to die for delicious. Didnt even have to add salt. Very on point..I ordered it take out..now I can divide it into 3 meals..yummm!  Great sevice and very clean....try this place..its sooooooo worth it!  Oh love their sauces..the chinese mustard is to die for..you just want to drink it.. I sware!. As always Ruth's Chris never disappoints. Not even on Thanksgiving. Service and food are always five star! And the view of the strip by the window is pretty cool at this location. We come every time we are in Vegas.. On the 50th floor with amazing views of the whole city ! I've been here once before but appreciated it much more this time, the ride up in the open elevator was great. Greeted by our hostess we were seated at the window with a great view just at sunset as we we're eating before the show. We made reservations on the open table app and it was super easy. 

I ordered a nice Malbec and my sister a Merlot. Our waiter was very helpful and informative about the menu. Good size restaurant, with a nice size bar and a very good wine list. 

I had 1/2 dozen oysters and they were on the small side but very nice. (My apologies can not remember where they were from). Came with horseradish, lemon and seafood sauce. Not the toppings I would have preferred, however it was very tasty, and 10 out of 10 on that choice, My sister ordered the onion soup. It was very cheesy, lots of onions and was made with a nice beef broth, also delicious. There were about 10 appetizers on the menu and it was a tough call which to order, they all sounded great. 

Bread basket of LOTS of assorted warm rolls arrived with a great deal of butter arrived at the table and I hate to admit it, but I tried a couple - yummy, they were good! 

Great menu selection and it was hard to choose, but for my entree I had a 8 oz filet with a side of creamed spinach, it was rare, just the way I ordered it and it melted in your mouth it was soooooo good. My sister ordered the "Trio"; steak, lobster and prawns. The steak was a nice 4oz, the lobster was a nice size, but the "prawns" looked like shrimp....they were certainly on the small side, she received two and I was lucky enough to get one. Very delicious and buttery tasting, even though they were on the small side.  It came with potato and vegetables and they were kind enough to eliminate the potato and add some more vegetables. 

For dessert sis had the creme brûlée and said it was just great, I did manage to get my spoon in there and taste it, and yummy was that good! 

We received our discount using total rewards which was outstanding, and my great sister picked up the tab! It is a very pricy menu and the majority of entrees come a la carte. 

All in all, service was great, food just wonderful and view from the top was stellar!!!! Even got to hop out on to the patio and it was really nice, small breeze and perfect for some photos of the city.. The menu was daunting - who eats half that stuff (a special was a salad with veal heart!), however the staff was amazingly helpful.  We started with the much raved about poutine.  I guess I just don't get poutine, it wasn't bad but I wouldn't get it again.  Our main courses were delicious.  I has the fish and chips special - made with sturgeon and melt in your mouth good.  My husband had the boudin tart - couldn't believe how good it was.  Have to say, though, way too much food - we should have shared an entree.  Best of all we were surprised the bill was quite reasonable.. Awesome job Tom Colicchio!! Dinner was everything we expected and more. Decor was great. Service was excellent. We had a few servers, and they were all very friendly and helpful. Food was also excellent.

We had 9:30pm reservations and were there for about 2 hours. It was a bit loud when we first got there, but as it cleared out, it got nice and quiet.

Complimentary Bread and Butter. Brownie points for the warm bread, that was similar to the Filipino Pan De Sal. No brownie points for the butter... it was cold.

Domestic Wagyu 3 Course Menu for 2 ($300)
2 salads: Warm Frisee Salad (excellent), Cucumber (refreshing)
2 appetizers: Grilled Pacific Prawns(great flavors), Hand-Cut Wagyu Beef Tartare (excellent)
2 cuts of steak: Skirt Steak & Filet (both excellent)
3 sides: Asparagus (good), Mushroom Assortment (good),  Yukon Gold Puree (good)
4 desserts: Milk Chocolate Creme Brulee (boyfriend really liked it), Mochi Ice Cream & Melon Sorbet (my favorite), fruits (refreshing), I can't remember what the 4th one was called, but it was good too.

Corkage was $30. Bottle Fiji Water was $9.

Definitely way too much food, but it was, for the most part, ALL YUMMY! We would definitely recommend this place!!!. Went for lunch with the hubby yesterday and LOVED it.  Finally I have found a Mexian restaurant that I liked and can't wait to go back.  Food was amazingly yummy... I had spinach enchilada with pinto beans and zucchini.  I ate every last bite on my plate.  The free chips and salsa were the bomb also.  My hubby got shredded beef tacos with rice and beans.  He was a happy camper also.

Next time we will go for dinner and drink some of those $1.75 margaritas.  How can you beat that?!?!  

Seems like a decent place to bring the kids also... inexpensive and the inside is along the lines of a Garcias.

When I was at the register paying the bill I saw some Quesapilla's being served.  OMG they looked so fabulous that I will be ordering that next time.. I really like that Qdoba made the pick 2 menu...I always love a good quesadilla but I like their naked burrito too. Now I get to have both! I also like that the pick 2 options are smaller so it's a little bit better portion control vs a huge burrito. 
Qdoba is the same principle as other Mexican fast food such as Zaba's or  Chipolate.  Everything is made to order right in front of you.  Quick service.  Decent prices. Get the Qdoba Qcard when you go here.  You'll get a free meal after X-number of purchases. (I can't remember if they base it off of points or number of meals purchases...either way it's a good deal!)
The chips and queso and/or guacamole are always a good addition to a meal!
I used to go there when I lived in South Dakota.  I frequented it when I lived in Carson City.  And I still go to Qdoba in Las Vegas!. We finally tried this wine bar last week and I'm so glad. It definitely lives up to it's name: The unpretentious Wine bar. The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable. I feel like I could go here any night of the week order an appetizer,  enjoy a glass of wine and just hang out. Their food menu has good variety. I had the Heirloom Tomato sandwich and it was unreal in deliciousness. I wish the sandwich never ended.The servers here are laid back, and really knowledgeable about the products that they carry. I had a divine glass of Zinfandel that I wish I tried at the beginning of the night so I could have another glass...or two. So good. Would I come back to this wine bar? Absolutely!. Here for a conference (TPE/NASPA) and was wandering with a friend near the convention center for a place to eat dinner. Asked a gentleman working outside of a hotel if he could recommend any nearby spots. He suggested this place saying it had recently opened and had some good pizza, panini, and salad options. We decided to check it out and walked the few blocks from the convention center. It was worth it. Its kind of a neat ambiance, plenty of room and you can purchase prepackaged to go, order at "the bar" or choose a table inside or on the patio. For quicker service we chose the bar (its not an alcohol bar but more of a food bar, its a work conference people). There were a few sandwiches that caught my eye, but with the help of my server I finally decided on the chipotle turkey with raspberry mayo and substituted cranberry walnut bread for the ciabatta it came with. The plate came out and it was a normal loaf of bread sized sandwich stacked high with turkey and fixins with a side of pickles. My oh my was it tasty. I wasn't super hungry but I nearly finished that whole thing just because I didn't want to leave it behind. Our server, I didn't catch his name but on the receipt it says RIGHT AM, was super attentive and very friendly. All in all, a great casual place with tasty options. I only give it 4 stars for price. Almost $8 for a regular sized sandwich with no sides is just a tad steep for me. However, tummy rules all. Nom nom nom.. What a fantastic experience, both food and service were superb!! The home made meatballs are phenomenal!! We will be back soon!!. I love, love, LOVE this location. In all the Frys I've been to, the customer service here and food selection can't be beat.
You are always greeted by someone when you walk in the door. I always go to Fry's late in the day so the same lady is there greeting customers. They have expanded their Organic/Natural Food selection which I think is fantastic, aswell as offering more produce (I wish they're organic section was a little bigger, but I understand that alot of people aren't on the organic bandwagon yet). The only time I have gotten not so nice customer service is right before closing, which I can undersand, these people want to go home! The store underwent remodeling and you can tell it was for the better. It is always clean, staff is always nice and helpful, and it is just overall a great place.. My family and I love this place. Regulars for years!. After going to this show four times, it always feels like I'm seeing them with fresh eyes. They know how to put on a great show, where everyone, no matter what age, race or gender, feels like family. And damn their voices haven't changed after 23 years! Marc Nelson from Az Yet is a pleasant addition for the a cappella songs too! I only wish the show were longer. 1.5 hours is not nearly enough :) Hope Mirage keeps them around for a long time, I'll keep coming back. 

Tip: Be careful during the "rose ceremony" because the ladies can get dangerous when they climb over each other to get to the Boyz.. This is, by far, my favourite restaurant in Montreal. 

GO FOR BRUNCH.
The brunch menu is cheap and you are still in the classy gorgeous restaurant and its just...amazing. 

Dinner is good too, but quite a lot more pricey, and generally pretty average French...meaning the menu is very meat based and such, but the brunch is what makes this place so great for me.

The compote is literally one of the best things that I have ever put in my mouth. I asked to take a bin of it as take-out so I could bring it home to Toronto...they said no :-( and its only available at brunch...another reason to go for brunch.. Just have to add a couple things....

1. I heard they are going to start letting people come in and brew their own beer?!? Where do I sign up I say!?!?! Sounds awesome! Anything we want, we get to name it and everything. I can't wait. 

2. The Sunday BBQ Special, redick! Some friends got it the other day and raved about it. Looked amazing too. And at $15 and all you can eat, no brainer! "The best BBQ I have ever had!" He said. Absolutely amazing! I'm still dreaming about the scallops. The chopped salad was delicious too!. Great service. Great good. Fabulous clam chowder and French onion soup. Great steak salad and amazing coconut shrimp.  Portions are large and price is reasonable.. I've always sat at the bar. Selection of drinks is good in my opinion. Bartenders have always been nice.. Unbelievable studio.  Great offerings and amazing instructors.  They will really take the time to get to know you and help you set and reach your goals.. I saw this show a few years back and it was my first Cirque du Soleil show. I remember being spellbound with my jaw dropped the entire time. The performers are amazing and the stage is like one big pool. Pay more and sit in the orchestra section - it's a totally different experience than watching it from the nosebleed seats when you can see their costume details and facial expressions. 

My friends and I actually got tickets on a whim the afternoon before the show. If you walk up to the box office and it's sold out, ask about cancellations - there's always a few of those each day and you might be able to get seats. Of course, the seats aren't discounted or anything. You just get lucky for procrastinating.. If Eddie's House ever rents a room, I'm moving in!  

4.5 stars, but I think I'm too stingy with that 5th star sometimes.  Fear of commitment maybe?  I had dinner here with Dottsy Z before the infamous night at Brackin's, right there is a good start to a 5-star evening.  We sat at the bar and started with a glass of wine.  Nice wine list.  By that I mean not too overwhelming for a novice.  I'm no wine expert.  If I can get it down easier than a shot of Everclear, that's good enough for me.

As appetizers are half off in the bar during happy hour, we went with three.  I was hesitant with the tuna tartar nachos.  If it walked, flew, or swam prior to being on my plate, I want it cooked.  But, I was pleasantly surprised. The tuna was seasoned so well, I enjoyed it.  The toasted seafood wontons are a take on the crab cheese puffs at most Chinese restaurants, but oh so much better.  I could have eaten a dozen of these bad boys.  Too bad there were only 4 and Dottsy actually expected to partake as well.  The horseradish mashed potato stuffed shrimp rounded out our trio.  I can't say I had ever had a shrimp stuffed with mashed potato, and I'm sad about that.  The shrimp were large, plenty of room for stuffin', and it was quite a tasty dish.  I believe you get 4 shrimp as well.

Hold on, we're not done eating.  We also ordered two half dinners.  First, the famous "What's-In-This" Steak.  Here's a hint:  steak.  This is Eddie's version of a shepherd's pie.  The mashed potatoes were well-seasoned and the steak was exceptionally tender.  Finally, we tried the seared diver scallops with apricot goat cheese risotto, my favorite of the evening.  Scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto was spectacular.

As far as the appetizers, they really only serve 2, or 1 if you're me.  So sit in the bar if you'll order several as they are a little expensive.  And be careful of the half dinners.  While the steak would be enough for me, a half order of scallops was only 2 scallops.  So unless you just want a taste, go with the full meal or try two different entrees!

This little gem is in my neighborhood, and I'm kicking myself I hadn't visited sooner, but I look forward to going back!. I love the Tom Yum soup here. Just wish they would add more seafood in there. Its not enough for me. Just about 9 pieces of shrimp. But the service is a awesome. The owner and the employees are so nice. Its close to home and we frequently go. Love it.. Came to Mandalay Bay to watch the Katy Perry concert and were starving afterwards. It was roughly 11:50pm when we decided to give this place a try. I must say service was great even at that hour and so close to closing. The manager took the time to check up on all the guest. Unfortunately certain items had run out, but our waitress, Heather, was more than helpful with recommendations/substitutions. Hubby and I ordered the braised beef short ribs, full rack baby back ribs, and creme brulee ($70). All were fantastic. Both meat dishes were fork tender and seasoned just right. The price point for dinner entrees are appropriate, but i can understand how the more simple dishes are overpriced. We also waited a bit longer than usual for our waitress to get to our table to get our orders, but I'm patient and she apologized many times as she was obviously swamped. Overall, great food and would come again, but probably only for dinner if we're on that end of the strip.. Walking into the great land of forever21 I almost passed out!  The store is HUGE!!!! Woohoo, hours had passed and I wasn't still finished shopping!  The store has everything that is online and all of the lines as well.  Customer service is top notch and extremely helpful!  Every time I am on vacation and ready to spend some money, I seek out forever21locations, and so far this location is the best.  A Vegas must if you love fashion and enjoy saving money at the same time!. From the moment Dave walked up to help, I knew he understood my helmet needs, fit, and concerns. All the staff made us feel welcome and appreciated, for that matter. Because they are all motorcyclists, they know their helmets, and are enthusiastic, to boot. Thank you!. We loved this place! We got a coupon off of restaurant.com and it wAs well worth the wait. I had the tortellini with the Alfredo sauce which is the best Alfredo sauce I have had to date! It's my favorite sauce. My hubby had the gnocci with the marinara sauce which was to die for! We will definitely go back. We had to wait 30min past our reservation but it was well worth it. Two dinner plates and a glass of wine hit the $50 coupon just perfectly.. If the essence of Pittsburgh were a restaurant, it would be Fat Heads.  I grew up in western Pennsylvania, where salads are ALWAYS topped with fries.  It wasn't until I moved southeast that I realized the rest of the world does not grease every pile of lettuce with fried potatoes.

In case you are an out-of-towner like me, or you live under a rock, Fat Heads brews their own beer.  I tried the IPA, it's okay.  Wasn't bursting with hoppiness, but it did the job.

Contrary to what most every review of Fat Heads discusses (wings, burgers, the causes of your impending heart disease), I will rave about the salads.  If you've read maybe half of any one of my reviews you know I love my big salads.  Well, Fat Heads' salads are HUGE.   Everyone (except me) took half of theirs home. Each one comes in a punch bowl, and topped with fries a la western PA. 

The fries were meh.  I was disappointed, but not enough to knock a star.  Dense and solid more than crispy and mushy.  That just means I ate fewer fries. A win in my book.

Ambiance is great alfresco.  Refreshing and peaceful, still hosting the cheery indoor Fat Heads' mood.  This is definitely one of my new faves in the burgh.. Just wanted to send a quick follow/ update. I have been with this company for over a year now and I couldn't be happier.  The system is top-notch and working great. The customer service is quick and deserves a 5 star rating!. 12.25.13.

Merry Christmas Yelpers!!

This is a late review for a trip to TJ's over Thanksgiving...as other Yelper's have mentioned, the lack of TJ's in Hawaii causes us to go CRAZY (not even kidding) when we stop by in any TJ location on the mainland.

Hawaii mindset of entering a TJ's: see (Speculoos) cookie butter, grab cookie butter (as many as can carry), rejoice in bringing home the "gold" for fam/friends! ...but seriously. Be careful though, I believe some TJ's enforce a cookie butter purchase maximum; this one didn't look like they had one. I personally love the Speculoos cookie butter cookies and milk/dark chocolate bars better than the butter :)

We actually already had a stash at home, so that wasn't really our mission this time around. Instead we were looking for snacks we could take home as omiyage (gifts) for our offices/coworkers. Holiday items were also available at this time (Thanksgiving); peppermint Jojo's are my favs!!

If I'm ever in Vegas again I know I'll probably visit TJ's again; a definite winner when it comes to bringing back gifts for people at home!

Yelp 365 Challenge: #358/365. I was a yoga virgin until I started taking pre-natal classes here.  They were really great!  Kristin was an excellent teacher and I felt that the prices were pretty good.  They have a website: www.yogadosha.com and it lists their class schedules.. After two days of pool parties and clubbing in Vegas, the girls and I were in need of some serious foot pampering before getting on the plane to head home. The Foot Spa did not disappoint! One hour long foot and full body massage for only $20! We felt so refreshed after...it was exactly what our barking dogs needed!. We came to laugh, we stayed to rock.
Thursday night, no plans. So we decided to go to a comedy show in the Paris Casino. Intimate room to see a comedy show. Drinks are not cheap but we got our tickets for free, so we didn't mind paying the drink prices. The waitresses can be slow at times, but you can go up to the bar and get them if you don't want to wait.
As soon as the comedy show was over, they quickly set up the small stage with 2 pianos. And the music began, one piano man...and then the next. I've been to a piano bar before, but this one was so much better. They'll play anything that's been on the radio for the last 60 years. Just write it down and shoot them a few dollars. They played a great mix of music and performed them really well. We were sure to test their range with Led Zeppelin "The Immigrant Song", Hanson's "MMMBop" (LOL), CeeLo Green "F*** You", and The Dead Milkmen "Punk Rock Girl". We had so much fun we ended up staying for the whole 4 hours they perform.  Behind the piano men are windows to the casino, it's fun to watch the people go by, looking confused as to whats going on inside, some passerbys actually licking or kissing the windows.
I'm already getting my request list ready for next time.. Who's taking me to Ocean Club?  Anyone?

Holy Crap I was there last night for the first time and just had a few drinks at the bar with friends.  DEAR GOD if the food is anywhere near half as good as it smelled....  And I've heard that it is.

Extremely pricey and the bar was packed.  A little rowdy too for the age group there, definitely an older crowd...lots of cougar hunting going on by my 20-something guy friends.  Definitely more of a scene than, say, Capital Grille...louder, etc.

Loved the decor and the music (they had some dude singing but it wasnt obnoxious), not to mention the bathrooms are impecable and huge.  

I only wish I could give a review on the food but like I said, we didnt eat...  *sigh*  Maybe one day..... Parking sucks. The beer is yummy. The food is awesome drunk food.. Love this place! Great service, amazing color choices and very clean.. best pizza EVER..this is our go to pizza place when we are craving pizza. We love the all you can eat.. J'ai trouvé que  ma crêpe  aux pommes et patates vraiment succulente .Le  service était bien.. Non-hotel guest review:

My favorite property downtown.  They've done a great job renovating it and putting in new restaurants.  For example, the Golden Nugget has the only Charthouse in town - a great seafood chain. 

This property has a couple of terrific fish tanks.  One in the Charthouse and the other at the pool, called The Tank.  Even though I am not a hotel guest, the staff has let me walk out and look at The Tank.  It has sharks in it!  Super cool to just stare at.  I also like staring at the tank in the Charthouse while I eat my lunch there.  Sometimes scuba divers will go in to clean it, which is amusing.

If you self-park in the garage, you have to validate at the casino cashier.  They allow you to self-validate so you don't have to wait in line, but it's a huge pain to find the casino cashier.  Plus the parking garage, like most in Las Vegas, is horribly designed.  I recommend just using the valet - there are two.  One off of Casino Center and another off of Main Street, just in front of the Charthouse.. I've been to LoLo's a few times. I always order chicken and waffles plus sides and red kool aid. The food was great as usual. The service is usually good but today it was a little slow.. The burger is worth 5 stars but I can't get behind the whole package.  The menu is a la carte... order a burger, a salad, and a few drinks and you will be staring at a bill that can't possibly seem right.  Really really loud and trendy -- the wait can be fierce at peak hours.  The chicken sandwich is not good.  The salads are above average for Phoenix.  I would only come here for a burger, if at all.  

Don't get me wrong.  The food is super high quality.  Organic beef and produce are used.  The sweet potato fries are out of this world.  The decor is very stylish.  It's a fun place.  It you like loud busy bustling spots you'll love Delux.

Update:  Okay.  I find that I do actually come here on a regular basis.  I discovered the veggie panini and it is fantastic.  I also love the beet salad.  And who can resist the fries.. Great place to go if you like a fun n relaxed atmosphere. Great way to try sushi, fresh, inexpensive and fun to choose off the conveyor belt. I've had the menu entrees and they are great too! Service is great, very family friendly!. This is absolutely the only place my partner and I will stay in Vegas.  Using the mlife discount, the price is incredible for what you get.  There is no casino in the hotel, but there is a walkway to Bellagio and on the other side Aria is just a short walk away.  The hotel is also non-smoking, which we also enjoy.  Nice to get some fresh air after walking through the other casinos.

The rooms are incredibly spacious.  We personally always get the Vdara Suite since it comes with an extra half-bathroom, but is less expensive than the other bigger suites (which only come with 1 bathroom).  We haven't encountered any loud people/parties going on, which is always nice when you're trying to go to bed early or sleep in late.  Love that a full kitchen comes with the room with complimentary water and coffee, and we're always using the fridge and the microwave.  Just fyi, some suites are way more spacious than others (our first stay had a much larger bathroom, living room, and bedroom, but our second stay had a room near the top of the building so it had a better view).

During our last trip we rented a cabana and it was a great experience.  The pool area gets really hot because of the reflection off of the hotel, so we alternated between using the dipping pool and laying out in our cabana.  Staff was incredibly friendly, and I was so comfortable I ended up napping most of the day.

This might not be the right place for you if you don't plan on staying in your room for long, and if you enjoy having a casino in your hotel.  For us, however, this hotel is absolutely perfect for just relaxing and unwinding and we wouldn't go anywhere else.. I have nothing overly detailed to add that other people haven't already said, but this place is basically my neighbor and I have only been there twice. 

Both times though I was really impressed with their quality, and got a lot of food for my money. Yum!. They made me feel like a queen. I was offered beverages and more. Thank you for creating a safe and friendly environment. As a patron, I value and appreciate your customer service. A month without a pedicure and manicure is not a problem at this nail salon! My feet and hands look and feel brand new every time. Great environment. I think I found my home.. Never fails, great service! Spotless clean car! Everyone is so friendly and helpful.They have free wi-fi and patio chairs w/shaded area for you to wait, they also have early bird specials from 7:30-10 $12 full car wash service.. Start here: Naked city is a dive. It's inside Moon Doggy's bar, which is a divey sports bar. But! If that doesn't detour you, then the pizza is awesome and drinks are cheap. We sat at the bar, which I recommend, and our bartender was friendly and  cool. Our food came out quick, and the pizza was excellent. If you're a fan of thick crust, bubbly pizza with a brown crust, this is the pizza for you. And, it's huge. The wee is HUGE. The other size I'm sure is bigger. Bring your friends to help you finish, and have a few cheap drinks!. Best traditional sushi in Vegas!!!! Quite and intimate atmosphere, owner selects and makes the sushi.. One of the best burgers I've ever had and amazing fried cheese curds! A little dark when you walk in, but it's fine when your eyes adjust to the low light!. Loved it.  GREAT beer as always.  Food was very good and while I read through other reviews-our service was great.  We had no wait time on a monday night.  I suggest to those that had a less than stellar service experience during their first week of operation to go back.  It will be worth it!! CHEERS.  My only negative is no changing table in the rest room for the little ones.. I've been a fan of foot reflexology ever since my first experience in Hong Kong years ago.  Pampered Foot did a great job!  The massage was really relaxing, and they did not kill me with too much pressure, as I've experienced elsewhere.  My mom and I had such a nice time, we stayed for additional half hour after the massage and decided to get ionic foot baths.  After a long weekend with too many glasses of wine, we felt relaxed, rejuvenated and refreshed!. This is a true Pittsburgh gem and a great way to spend an afternoon whether on a date or killing time with some friends. The displays are beautifully done and they do a great job incorporating some educational displays, including some interactive activities that are great for kids and adults alike. They are also continuously updating certain areas by either adding light displays or featuring glass or sculpture work by local artists so I'd recommend going often!

Allow at least an hour, probably two to really enjoy a relaxing afternoon with everything Phipps has to offer.. Wow. What can I say except the best pizza I have ever ever eaten in this country. Yes, it is that good. Trust me, this is how neapolitan pizza should be. They are true artisans. They are recognized by pizzaiolo association in Napoli, Italy. All of their ingredients are of the best quality and even sourced from Italy, i.e. cheese from Modena, prosciutto from Parma, tomatoes fromSan Marzano, etc. I think even thelour is from Naples. 

All of the appetizers are delectable, bt my favorite is the involtini di proscuitto, prosciutto wrapped around arugula and goat cheese with a sprinkling of balsamic and some parm. Sublime. Theyoffer about 6 house made pizzas, but I always go with the margherita and two toppings. They recommend you limit it to two in order to savor it fully. This is how it should be, in my opinion. I usually get mushrooms and prosciutto crudo, it is the best!. Drove by the Mad Greek one Sunday about lunch time while running errands and figured, 'why not?' Pulled up some Yelp reviews while we ran a few last errands and read about their fantastic gyros..we were in. The place doesn't look like much from the outside...or really the inside, but it's the food you're here for. We ordered two gyro sandwich platters and were thrilled with the results. The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender, the tzitziki sauce was super garlicky and thick, and the lettuce, tomato and onion were fresh and crunch. The pita was also delicious and soft, but held up against the sandwich fillings and that makes a big difference. We left with very happy bellies and will return.. Don and I came here after finding out that Tea Station didn't have any outlets for us to plug our laptops into...I really hate it when places with free wifi don't have any outlets. The place was empty, which was perfect for a study session once we figured out they had free wifi AND plenty of available outlets to use. We ordered some green tea shaved ice and a small bag of 5 biscottis for less than ten bucks. I couldn't help but notice how quaint the place is inside. They have some chandeliers hanging from the ceiling with tassels hanging off of them, antique floral print chairs, and intricate wooden benches with pillows to sit on. There was even a very elaborate giant gingerbread house that I assume they made themselves. The place has a very homey feel to it. They seem to have a lot of regulars that come in as well. People kept coming in and out buying bags of baked goods while we were there.

The shaved ice was good; not the best I've had, but still good. I just prefer more condensed/evaporated milk in my shaved ice because I have a big sweet tooth, but I liked that the shaved ice here relied on the flavors of all the ingredients and not just one the flavor of the shaved ice here relied on all the ingredients instead of just one. It had green tea ice cream, LOTS of red beans, mandarin oranges, kiwi, strawberry, and a little condensed milk. Don absolutely loved the almond biscottis. I'm not much of a biscotti fan though, so I can't say much about them. 

Overall, this is a great place to study or do some work. It's very cozy inside and they have a massive amount of pastries :). The food is really authentic- it really was like the food I was craving from Chengdu when I visited a few years ago. It wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be (no peppercorn bombs), but there was definitely a kick, but not enough to totally numb your tongue, which is good. 

The food is spicy and greasy- that's just how it is. I like the Flaming Pot dishes because I like eating my spicy food really hot as well, which makes me think that I like pain sometimes. The Chongqing chicken was a little disappointing- though the texture and flavors were there, the pieces of chicken itself was miniscule, and at some point, I felt like I was just eating battered fried bits. I loved the stir-fried Chinese watercress- great flavor without the veggies being overdone. The Dan Dan noodles were OK.

The biggest pros of this place is its authenticity, Yelp check-in discount and coupons in Clipper Magazine (also Groupons) and fast service.. I grew up down the street from this place and it's in a strip mall I visited frequently, but I never went. I assumed it was a mom and pop place with consistently good food (it outlasted many other businesses in the complex), but maybe a little boring. My sister suggested we go there for a family dinner and I was so surprised when I walked in! Finally, a reason to check that little box for "hipster" ambience on Yelp! 

Every server who walked by greeted me and told me I could just take a seat, but unfortunately there was not a big enough table for my group, so we started the list, which just grew and grew as more people tried to get in for their pasties! They have great patio tables outside and long community tables and bar seats inside in their newly expanded space. 

It was a little dark and loud once we finally sat - not good for an overly tired infant we had in tow or my dad who has a hard time hearing in loud settings. As I mentioned, all the servers were great, except for some reason, ours. She was very rushed and unfriendly unfortunately. But, despite that, I really liked the place! 

They have a whole page for vegetarian pasties, but once I actually look, I wasn't too impressed that they rely heavily on Quorn (fake meat), but there were a few choices of just veggies and I could get the balsamic mushroom pasty and be happy every time! However, my mom got the same, but with chicken and thought the balsamic taste was a little strong. They ran out of their chips, so we had their coleslaw, which was good. 

I definitely plan on going back, maybe trying their Tempe location for their happy hour!. My favorite outdoor market yet! Beautiful produce, beautiful crafts, and I even loved the slow meandering human traffic that naturally formed around the square. Of course, being there on a day with perfect weather makes everything seem that much more wonderful.. From the start Nunez painting was professional, on time, and friendly. The quote was right on and Lorena made sure that I was completely satisfied. It is extremely hot this week (around 115) but that didn't slow them down, they finished a day early. Doing a fantastic job inside and out. If you're looking for a reliable, honest, hard working, and fair company, look no further. Nunez painting is by far the best in the business. I highly recommend giving them a call. You won't be disappointed.. Tried Lims for the first time. The fried rice was great. The pepper steak was good but could have used a little more flavor. The portions were good size. The crab puffs were also nice and big. The average dish is $7 - $8 which is great for the amount of food you get. We will be back.. Great Chiropractic Office.  He is an great doctor.. Great place for an herbal cup of tea, small and quaint, very relaxing atmosphere. As soon as you walk in the aroma of the teas take my breath away. They usually have samples of teas of the day normally two and I enjoy sampling while I'm ordering. My favorite it loose leaf herbals such as Relaxation, Echinacea, Tranqilitea, Chamomile, Lemon Balm.....and many more.
Highly recommended and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.. The Tumble Inn is a no-frills sports bar on the edge of downtown Champaign - they have a bunch of TVs, a lot of domestics on tap, and there's usually a barbecue truck parked out front. I have been here on several occasions at off-peak times to watch sporting events, and each time has been thoroughly enjoyable.. Meet up with some friends for HH at Clever Koi, and I have been meaning to try this place out for a while so I was happy to get the chance.   I love the feel of the place, even the outside patio area, which is where I want to dine one night, it just looks cool to me.

On the HH menu they have ramen for 5 bucks, never have had ramen before and not really being a person who eats soups (more of a curry, stew kind of girl) I thought eh for 5 bucks, why not try it. Well am I am glad I did!

The broth was good, and inside the ramen was roasted pork, house bacon, pickled mustard greens, shiitake mushrooms, bean sprouts and a soft egg, it looked soo good, picked up the chop sticks and went right at it! I popped the egg and let it get all happy in the broth, and picked up a piece of that bacon, omg the bacon is soo good. The broth to me needed something but Clever Koi makes their own sriracha sauce and added that to the broth and BAM! That did the trick! 

For my 1st ramen experience, this was a great bowl of it! Now its left me craving more and can't wait to get back to it!. Oh, Slade and his cupcakes and the mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts!
Stopped in Friday, after calling earlier in the week to place an order.  I wanted to make sure my half dozen was what I wanted and didn't want them sold out!
I even called a bit before going and Slade said the vanilla creme brulees were still cooling, so I waited a bit.  They were for my Mommy for Mother's Day and I would be driving to Payson to deliver.  They were boxed up and Slade even put some extra wrapping in the box to make sure they didn't slide around.  Put them on the floor of my passenger side, cranked up the AC.  No cold air.  Ugh.
They made it OK and were a real hit with my 'rents.
The red velvet were the first to be gobbled my mom and me.  Then, we sliced the vanilla creme brulee in half.  Both were "to die for" as my mom put it.  And the chocolate molten...I'll be getting more at "that time of the month" for sure!
I left a "You've been Yelped" card just to be funny.
I love Slade, but it's a tie with the love for his cupcakes!  (not to be confused with the FEZ waiters, who are my "cupcakes")!!!. I wish that I didn't like this place so well...but I do :)
Yummy, fresh, delish donuts like I used to have on Saturday mornings as a kid (my Dad would go to the now-defunct Dad's Bakery and get donuts and pastries on Saturday mornings).
There is a wide variety available, and they are wonderful!
In addition, they have great coffee drinks, as well. 
After trying Bosa Donuts, you'll never visit a Dunkin Donuts again.... I'll admit, I was super skeptical about trying a massage place that charges $20  per hour, but I was more  than pleasantly surprised.

The ambiance is different...and the outside is misleading. Once you're inside, it's dark and quiet and relaxing. The LED trees are a nice touch. 

The massage itself was wonderful. It reminded me a lot of massages I got in Thailand...not necessarily the kind of massage you'd get at a higher end spa, but great and relaxing never the less.

I love that they offer green tea or water after, and they don't rush you out the door. I'll be back, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's up for trying something different than a massage chain experience.. From the host, to the bartenders to our server( Margaret),  we had very friendly service last night! Great food and atmosphere and can't wait to go back!. Good, yes. 5 stars? Not there yet.

I came in with my family and boyfriend for a birthday celebration on a Saturday night. We had reservations and our table was ready right when we walked in. We were led to the back on the restaurant where they have several booths along the wall. The table was perfect for our group. 

Our group started with the burrata. It was good... but too cold. I read another review that mentioned this was an issue for them as well, and looks like it hasn't been solved. All of the burrata was edible, but it was just too cold and not quite as palatable as it should be. For our entrees, our group had the scallop special, the miso salmon and the short ribs. The salmon was just all right. If I was writing this review based on just the salmon, it would get 3 stars. There just wasn't anything exciting about it. The scallops with cheddar and bacon grits really stood out, as did the short ribs. Overall, I would definitely recommend those dishes again. Our group also had the brownie for dessert, which is HUGE. Definitely enough to go around. 

As far as cocktails/beer/wine are concerned, we all ordered the Tito's Dirty Martini. Hard to mess that up, and thankfully, Grassroots did a great job on them. The wine list is okay, I wish there was more variety to choose from by the glass. However, I understand it is difficult to offer a lot of wine by the glass if that is not the main focus of the restaurant. 

Other than the food just being 3-4 stars, the other thing that bothered me was I felt that our service was rushed. Our server was wonderful and friendly, but definitely wanted to go home for the night. Perhaps this just isn't the place to go and hang out with a leisurely meal. Now I know better.. Casino Floor review only.

We went to see KA here and then puttered around for a few hours after, so I have nothing to report on the rooms. But a few things did strike me enough to write up a 4-star for the ol' MGM Grand. 

This place is HUGE. Like, get lost as hell huge. Rows and rows and rows of slot machines, a crapton of table games and just people milling around EVERYWHERE. The vibe here was really energetic and fun, and it was just a Tuesday night, so nothing special was going on  (I don't think.)

BUMMED I missed the Lion Habitat. We meant to go back the next day but ended up heading to Old Vegas and then we never made it back. That's totally on my list of to-dos for next time. 

Two Words: Blackjack Switch. New favorite game EVER (see my review of Casino Royale for the full-on love affair)! They also had $5 minimum video blackjack, (real blackjack with a virtual dealer, not the video poker kind) which was kind of strange, but for $5 a pop, a good way to kill some time if you're tired of slots. 

It seemed like the entertainment here we pretty great. We saw KA (separate review) and then they have the Lion Habitat, David Copperfield (although I think that's a limited engagement), and a ton of yummy-looking restaurants. I think there were some other exhibits as well.

Great way to kill a couple hours without spending a ton of money on huge table limits.. The crowds here are a good sign. I've had the spicy black bean veggie burger, vegan burger, and fried cod sandwich. All are delicious.

I'm docking one star because I really think the burgers/sandwiches should come with at least a small side (a few fries? some steamed broccoli?). I've always found a burger/sandwich on its own leaves something to be desired, but ordering a side to go with it is too much food/too pricey. I usually split an order of cheese curds with whoever I'm with, and those usually hit the spot.. I love this place. The owners are awesome, the bar tenders are helpful and the bulldogs are super cute. I love bringing my own dog and having a few beers. The price is great and the selection is really impressive. They had pumpkin beer starting in August which sold me completely. I love this place and wouldn't change a thing about it!. I have been here a few times with my husband on date night.  I have been putting off reviewing it for a while for two reasons--because we usually just stop for drinks, and also because there aren't many food options for me.

Last time we stopped, we grabbed a seat at the bar for dinner.  I had the mussels and they were good (not point brugge good though), and my husband got the burger--which he deemed one of the best he'd ever eaten.

Obviously the big draw here is the bar - and the cocktails in particular.  Sometimes I just get the punch, but I will usually order a bourbon drink and they're definitely some of the best ever.  They also have a small selection of great beers on tap if that's your thing. It's usually mine but I can't see past the wall o' bourbon!

I would definitely recommend it for a date night, but make reservations if you want to do dinner.. Went for happy hour last Saturday night and found a buzzing yet not overly crowded bar scene. Slow yet friendly service. Great half price tequilas, if you know what you're doing (we did not, and were not offered any help deciphering their giant tequila offerings).

Moved to the dining room for dinner. Rushed server in a slow room brought us our appetizer and entree at the same time, which always irritates me, but the pork tacos for two (make your own) were delicious (I'd skip the "tamale" appetizers next time). Finished the night with an awesome rice pudding and sopapillas.

We'd go back--I loved the atmosphere and decor!. If you love breakfast and pancakes, then this is the place for you.

So many choices, all of the ones I've tried have been amazing.  The staff is helpful and friendly and if there's a long wait (there has always been a wait when I go) you can get a cup of coffee to pass the time.  

Red velvet pancakes are incredible.  They had a special bananas foster for a while too that are my current favorite.  

I think they are expanding too, there are other locations!  Seriously awesome pancakes.. Fast and casual place to go with friends or alone. 3 spicy sauce to choose and one my very best  sauce the Remolaide . I will be back again Boneheads. Excellent German food.  Small and personal. Great service.  Everything we had was very reminiscent of trips to Germany and eating in small family owned village restaurants.   Definitely we will be back.. I was having a craving for some tacos on the way home and found myself here! I ordered some take out and got the chicken tacos and they were delicious! interested to try out some other things on the menu! I also got some spinach dip and chips and salsa ! perfect snack as I kick back and watch some tv!. I love the breakfast burrito! Potato, egg and cheese reminds me of my grandma's breakfast tacos :). This place was delicious!! Great lunch combos and sushi was fresh . My new favorite lunch spot :-). SO FRESH AND DELCIOUS. All sandwiches are made to order and come out toasty and tasty. Very good quality ingredients and fresh. The broccoli cheddar soup is also amazing. Shakes and cookies are DELCIOUS as well. My perfect meal from there includes the wreck sandwich and a Sheila's dream bar.. This is by far my favorite starbucks in Summerlin!!! I come in a few days a week to get an espresso before the gym, and the baristas are always nice - not just a few of them, but every barista I've ever encountered. Whether they're busy or slow, they have a great attitude and have always made my drink correctly (I add a little milk and a tiny bit of syrup - they always put the right amount!)

None of the other starbucks in the area have the service that this store does - good thing it's right by my house, because I would want to go out of my way to get coffee here. 

FYI- there's no drive-thru.. I had my hair cut by Bria & I got the best cut I've ever had. This place is so cute & everyone is so friendly. I think I have finally landed in the hair parlor I'll stay at. Highly recommend Bria!. Great staff! Everyone is so polite and welcoming! 
Food is amazing! Hot, cooked fresh and perfectly seasoned.. In general this place could get a girl in trouble.

Date Rating: 8
Pick up Scale:: 5

Strong Suggestions: Be prepared to spend money if you're headed in this direction.. This is a very cute restaurant.  It is small, and friendly, with fresh ingredients and a wide selection of meats (saw one salmon dish and one chicken dish, but everything else was beef/pork/veal, etc).  Great appetizers, plenty of drink specials, and the most friendly waitress I have had here in Montreal.  You can talk to them for a while about the cuts of meat, how they are prepared, etc.  

Make reservations, and try to get a table in the garden, which is really quaint and romantic.

I don't drink wine, so I can't comment on the over priced wine list.  But this is not a cheap place, so be prepared to pay a good amount to enjoy the food and atmosphere.. One of my favorites (I just wish it were slightly less busy).  Beautiful environment, professional staff, great food.  What more is there to say?. We went at 1:40 am and waited about 40 minutes. It's a tiny bar that seats 18 people. From 1-9am, they have moonlight specials: 1/2 dozen oysters for $10, $3 draft, $5 wine. 

They are a well oiled machine. Every transition is seamless. Watching the chef cook in the steam kettle was a show. 

We ordered oysters, combo pan roast, and New England clam chowder. The oysters were very fresh; the house made cocktail sauce was phenomenal. The pan roast was delicious. I didn't like the chowder nearly as much as my boyfriend. It was a little runny. Great experience overall.. Simply delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 but get there while the gettin is good, cause its so good they run out sometimes. WOWee is all I can say, superb BBQ, made me wanna stop there everytime I pass through. and the prices are very reasonable. Fantastic slow cooked savory BBQ, makes you want to eat the bones too. I dont really eat beef, but when I saw my BFs ribs I just had to try it, and then again... Satisfied Customer 100%. I LOVE the cashew chicken and the walnut shrimp I can't get enough every time I get paid I go there and order both and use the coupon for free crab rangoons! They Are Excellent for a small strip mall Chinese food place!!!!!. Incredible. Astoundingly good. Amazing in every way. I really wanted to dislike this place, because how can any restaurant in CLT be worth a two hour wait? But it is...it really is. We went on a Wednesday (after refusing to wait 2 hours on a Saturday), and it was 1/2 price bottle of wine night. Oh my. Good wines, at half price, Im in. For dinner, I had the Boursin Burger, which was so good I literally could not eat it fast enough. Best burger ever. Really. My husband had sushi, and he is a sushi novice, so he cant compare it to much, but he really liked it. We skipped dessert (I drank my dessert, did I mention bottles were half price) but desserts going to other tables looked good. If your curious about this place, try it, you wont be disappointed. The food is worth whatever wait you encounter. Yea...the hostess was kinda bitchy and the crowd was your standard Southpark crew, but I rate places based on food. If you want the best damn food in CLT, head to Cowfish.. I stop by here almost all the time, I can't start my trip right if I don't have their chai tea latte.  They brew their own chai tea, and their chai tea latte taste so good.

They are open early, expect when I have to catch 5am flight. Service is fast, they know what they doing.

I am a coffee drinker, except when I am here, I always order my chai latte. Try once, and I hope you will love as much as I do.. Great, clean, professional, modern super kids-friendly place!
My kids love doctor Bui and every time we go they end up the appointment with a big smile... Priceless!
I highly recommend this pediatric dentist!
Finally I don't have to worry about " the dentist appointment"  anymore!. Love love love local farmers markets. I personally don't like going into Guadalupe, but I needed to. I stopped by and loaded up on Paleo supplies. Great stuff!!. Excellent LabCorp location. Walked in without an appointment around 11.30 on a weekday and barely had to wait. Daniel at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. There was some confusion/mixup about which labs were ordered for me (Dr.'s office's fault, not theirs), and Daniel was very helpful and patient in getting it resolved. I was taken back quickly and the phlebotomist was efficient and skilled. Also, kudos for excellent HIPAA compliance. 

P.S. I am pretty sure the front desk guy's name was Daniel, but there is a slight chance it might have been David.. I have many piercing and have never had such a quick and easy piercing done. I got my nose done and it heeled within 2 weeks. I love it! The process only took 10 minutes and the guy who did it was very professional and explained exactly how to take care of it and answered my many questions since this was my first face piercing. I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone!. We came here once before, had the nachos and, meh, had better.  But decided to give it another try.  Thursday, 5:00, there were plenty of people but not extremely busy.  It was pretty clear that the waitress was new, but she was pleasant and smiled, she just needs more practice.
We had tacos.  LUV... the shredded beef and the crunchy fish.  SO GOOD, lots of flavor.  So much better than Queen Barrio we tried several weeks ago.  Just thinking about this, I am ready to go back for some more tacos.. Authentic urban dining experience! Stellar. Fast, friendly service and good conversation if you can catch 'em when they're not too busy. Menu changes regularly to showcase their talents but the chicken and the falafel are must-trys. Don't let the location fool you. These guys are talented and professional.. I just love this place!! 
We decided to escape the cold Chicago weather for a weekend in Phoenix, the sun was shining, weather was great! 
Arcadia Farms was a recommendation from our concierge at The Royal Palms. We had lunch in the back garden at Arcadia Farms. 
It was just lovely!! Everything about it! 
The service was so friendly, the food was delicious and the atmosphere was so peaceful! 
All of the food tasted so fresh, so good...I think our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, Everything on the menu looked so good...we wanted to experience it all! 
We started with the Crab and Avocado Tower and Savory Smoked Salmon Cheesecake - both were so delicious! The servings were large...we had to leave some left on the plates :-( 
Then we shared the wild mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart, so good! 
We had dessert, fresh berries. 
Just Lovely!!. We ordered pizza delivery half Chicago and half Italiano, although it tooks in total 1 hour , they told us in advance so we were ready to wait. The delivery girl was friendly. The pizza was delicious, but a little pricey - its expensive when you add $5 delivery charge. Maybe next time we will pick up or go to the restaurant. I recommend it if you want a good pizza. The service is always impeccable here; everyone is smiling, working hard, and polite. The place is always clean and people are always checking to clean tables, sweep, and empty the trash. 
The food is delicious. I am absolutely in love with their sauce. I just loce that the fries are fresh and they taste so good! The shakes are awesome too.. Went in for brake pads and was helped by Hector T. So helpful gave me some great tips yhat saved a ton of time. Also brakes had lifetime warranty so tjey were FREE!. Ocean One Las Vegas has great food , Amazing service . Highly recommend our server ( waitress ) was Tracy she was very professional , helpful , fun and a very happy personality . Will recommend to all my LA friends keep up the good work ;). After a long, stressful day at work a pedicure and no computer screen was exactly what the doctor ordered for me. You know how it is in Arizona...so dry that anything you do at home for your feet just doesn't seem to help. I know for me, it seems like I just can't keep up. 

I popped in here about 45 minutes before they were due to close, and no problem -- they got a chair all ready for me. I chose the pedi with a massage and callus removal, which I usually need unfortunately. They did a good job, and the red sparkly polish was a nice change from my recent string of dark grey. The folks were nice and didn't seem to mind at all that I came so close to closing time. They were done right on time. 

Loss of a star for a really small selection of nail polish. I suggest bringing your own from home.. My boyfriend and I went here for the first time today to get deluxe pedicures! We both have jobs where we are on our feet all day and good pedis are a must for us. The salon is nice and very clean. The staff is friendly but a little forgetful. This place would have gotten five stars but there were a couples of problems. First off make an appt here! They were so busy! My boyfriend and I sat with our feet in the water for an hour before they started our pedis! Sitting and soaking for 20 mins is ideal for me but an hour!? Even I was getting bored and impatient! Second, they were rather overwhelmed and over filled my boyfriends pedi bowl soaking our shoes and my purse on the floor! And then they didn't bother to clean up the water! And lastly even though my bf and I both got deluxe pedis they did not do the same things for both of us. I don't know if they just customize the service depending on your needs or what but it really just seemed like my bf's nail girl skipped his salt scrub and mine skipped my leg massage. Overall, it was a good pedi. Our toenails look perfect, clean and shaped. Our feet are soft and smooth, that cheese grater really worked! I was nervous about it, but it was not uncomfortably and my feet really needed it. Okay selection of polish but I think I will bring my own next time if I want a specific color. We will be back but next time with appts.. Excellent customer service here.

I went in to buy two desks, two hutches, two chairs. I wanted it delivered that day... didn't want to wait until the next week.

The store manager personally loaded my stuff onto his pickup truck and drove it all out to my house. He unloaded everything, refused a tip, was service with a smile.

I had to return a couple of things because they didn't fit, and they were taken back without question. I'll definitely be coming back to get a couple of things that I need, and I look forward to it. Pleasant people working here, a nice change from most retail chains!. Great experience with Dr. Goh she explained everything about my eye exams and Samantha was awesome as well. I came here a few weekends ago with the other half and Josh. I had heard good thing about the place from other yelpers and I was excited to enjoy a beer and warm meal. 

I started off with a Moscow Mule. I had to feed my ginger addiction. I found it crisp and refreshing. For my meal I went with perogies and brussel sprouts. The perogies were very good. Something I could see myself craving in the future. I enjoyed the sprouts but wish they were cooked a bit longer. I also had a coffee porter that was perfect with my meal. Service was ok. I wish the waitress was a little more present. Drinks sat empty from time to time but no one was dying of thirst. 


 The decor seemed a little hodgepodge. I love the chandelier when you first walk in. I'm sure it cost a pretty penny. Over all a nice evening.. I have been to three Balkan restaurants here in Las Vegas over the past few months. I have been trying to visit Forte after meeting Chef Nina and sampling her food at a taping of American Chefs but my schedule did not permit.  

Finally last evening my dear friend from Belgrade surprised me with a special treat for my birthday,  dinner at Forte.  No matter your cuisine preference this restaurant offers comfort food executed elegantly with no pretense what so ever.  

The Shopska Salad, best I have ever had the pleasure to eat,  with Persian cucumber, tomato, sweet softened green pepper and Bulgarian feta - a classic and even though one is big enough to share , don't fool yourself you will finish the whole dish.  The stuffed peppers - words cannot describe. Guy Fieri got this one right!

As a bonus the patio, the subtle decor and the warm ambiance, Chef Nina has brought Eastern Europe to Las Vegas - do yourself a favor - get there sooner rather than later! I am looking forward to the caviar and few more Balkan favorites on my next visit. 

KD. I was here for the Jets Colts playoff game on Sunday. What a party! 

Sports book betting was efficient. Long line but moved quickly.. Second time here and it was a great time had by all! The guys in our group even had a great time and are looking forward to going back soon! The instructor was fun and interesting. The classmates were all fun. The drink selection was great! I can't wait to go back again soon!. I just started going to the yoga studio and I really like how bad ass the place looks and feels. Very professional. I got the groupon and you have to use it within 40 days which is cool. I've only tried the tru fusion yoga classes because I'm too scared of the other ones. They look insanely hard. That is my only draw back to this gym... I think it would be nice if when you first sign up they give you a little tour and description of the classes before the lions den. Luckily I have a friend that showed me where to go. Just a suggestion. I will continue to come because I feel like the yoga is a great stretch to my daily workout routine. Thanks for reading. I brought Paris for the third time and she looks fantastic! Everyone is super nice. I love the service and care they give my dog Paris Thank You Samantha!. Best experience !!! Thank you for arranging everything . It was easy and efficient ! Will definitely use it again !. Who doesn't like this place because it is a super little market.  The whole european style market setting is refreshing. It really is fresh and easier to maneuver around when you compare it to the super mega markets.  The prices are not unreasonable. The store is tidy. It's a cinch to get in and out in a jiffy.. Fast yummy and open late. It's hard for them to understand you and you understand them depending on who answers the phone but overall I like it. Wish they delivered. We love our church home! The leadership is very good, worship is amazing & the children's ministry is wonderful!. Love farm basket. They have the best chicken ever. Its very moist an good. I love the clucketos as well. With the cheese an lettuce an yoir choice of salsa it's great. Great mashed potatoes and gravy as well as the swwwt butter rolls. Its always a great quick dinner that you can kust drive thru an get. An tbe prices are well worth it.. This amazing Italian joint is tucked away in a out of the way strip mall cloaked in an unrevealing store front that yeilds no clue as to the amazing deliciousness you will find inside. Despite it's nonspectacular exterior inside you will find warm scrumptous, chewy, fragrant bread with excellent olive oil on the table.  The food is spectacular and the service attentive. Even with its out of the way location the place was packed at 530 when we stopped. We had pizza, a sausage calzone, pesto gnocchi, pesto fettucini and the chicken angelo. All were perectly prepared not to heavy very flavorful. Highly Recommended!!!!!. I LOVE what they've done to the place.. Pretty impressive! Excellent customer service and good food. The variety is great.. Their portions are enormous! The veggie burgers are very good and surprisingly they have a lot of vegetarian options. Also, the interior decor is very nice. I definitely recommend!. Good homemade cookies. Thrifty ice cream. Good prices. Nice people.. We come here ever so often and we sit in the bar because the girl behind the bar is amazing. Tonight we came in, saw her there and was excited to sit in the bar area. Well she always off, and still helped out. Erich was amazing too. Very helpful and on top of everything!! We are so fortunate to have a place to go to with amazing service on a Sunday night! Thanks guys!. I come here a lot for chinese food. The owner is very friendly and will provide any suggestions, but everything on their menus is good! And the prices are very decent. 

I've tried majority of the menu, but I find myself almost always ordering the same thing these days, which is the deep fried chicken over rice. I haven't had anything bad to date. 

I will get the Shrimp Won Tons, sauteed veggies Thai style, deep friend chicken over rice, and sweetened roti pancakes, but take most of it home. 

I like their almond and mango pudding, but the mango is really sweet compared to their almond, which is expected, but be warned if you can't handle super sweet, stay away from the mango and go with the almond! The Sweetened Roti pancake is another good choice! It's only $1 while the pudding are $1.25 each. 

Basically would recommend anything and everything on the menu! As the prices are pretty cheap too, don't be afraid to make this a regular spot!. We just moved from Scottsdale and were looking for the Mesa version of Randy's.  Cozy Corner Café has just made the list for sure.  The service is friendly, the food is down home and tasty, and the ambiance is pleasant.  The owner stood and visited with us for about 10 minutes while we were waiting for our food so I can't remember if it was slow or not.  (However, we figure if we are served sooner than that it just came out of the freezer to the micro.)  We love it and we are recommending it to our family too.. My 18-month old son just got his second haircut by Tony... He had to work around a temper tantrum, and still did an incredible job! 
I showed him "sorta" what I wanted, and the cut & style was perfect once again. I will post a photo or two soon, just wanted to make sure everybody knows you don't have to take your cool little toddler dude to a cookie-cutter children's joint. You can go to a fantastic barber shop instead. Tony's affordable, accommodating, and precise, we'll definitely keep going back!. Kinda bummed that a previous Yelper said to try the mac n cheese as a side, and they don't have mac n cheese. At all.

This is a pretty cute place. They have handmade pastries (including a really good, pretzel-y cinnamon roll with cream cheese frosting) and great meals -- my boyfriend split the half-chicken with garlic mashed potatoes and fries (yes, we love carbs) and it was super filling for both of us. 

Don't go here if you want a coffee shop/restaurant to do work in. They host a lot of events and it gets very rowdy on afternoons and weekends. My bf and I thought it would be an appropriate place to do homework in at around 1 pm on a Thursday -- nope.. Lovely place.  A little too fancy for my friends but I was in heaven.  The service us outstanding,  they take reservations which is rare in this town.  There were 6 or7 of us,  and the timely service was noticeable.  I had the  scallops. Oh heavenly scallops!!! They melted in my mouth. ..so good.  The bar section looks impressive in selection and bar guests.. Very good food. Great price for the amount of amazing food you get. Had the meat and potato pastie. Husband had the margarita pizza. It was a happy hour price and could have fed 4 people. The pretzel sticks were great too. Not too kid friendly, though.. Frolicking through red fluffy clouds of cake that tastes like rich butter and encountering salty chopped nuts sweetly nestled in a layer or two of smooth cream cheese awesomeness, the first bite of Lo Lo's Red Velvet cake will send your taste buds on an adventure! 

People have been telling me to come here for a long time and I've been resisting the hype, but when I saw this cake featured on the front of Phoenix Magazine, I succumbed to the curiosity and made the trek from the far northwest valley here! What really surprised me was that red velvet cakes typically share an extra sweet flavor that is similar despite varying recipes. Here, the cake did not seem to have that overly sweet red velvety taste that I typically find. Instead, I was surprised with buttery fluffy goodness that wasn't overly sweet! 

The first combo, KK's combo, nearly killed me because I was beyond full after trying to eat it. Three pieces of fried chicken, two wonderfully flavorful waffles cooked to perfection, heavily buttered grits with over easy eggs covered in cheese and sautéed diced onions, and homemade syrup. I never had a chance! Our waiter was so nice enough to answer my defeat with a "to go" box and was in disbelief that I still managed to order the red velvet cake too. 

The ambiance is laid back and I recall gospel music playing and football playoff games donned on every flat screen there. All was right in the world! I drank my huge mason jar of sweet tea along with my hubby and smiled with satisfaction after dining on soulful comfort food in such a relaxed and cheerful setting!. I've been coming in 25 a lot in the past 6 months or so, just because its open pretty late, and isn't "fast food".

Food wise, I'm not a fan of huge bugers that you need two mouths to eat, but that's just me =p My boyfriend is a pretty big fan of their burgers though, always gets something different.  Their sweet potato fries are pretty damn awesome as well.  Patrick ( AKA their star bartender/server/whatever else he does =p ) suggestted to me one rainy cold night, their 5 cheese or 3 I can't remember, grilled cheese with a cup of their tomato soup, and that's all I ever get now.  It's delicious and decently priced. 9 bucks i believe for the combo.

The decor is very nice and cozy for the most part.  It's smaller, but that's the kind of place I like.  They don't have a hostess or really anyone designated to greet you at the door, which is a good thing to know so you don't stand up front looking like a lost puppy

The service I get there was a little up and down for the first couple of months.  I'm only 20 years old, so I tend to get looked down as a "kid who doesn't know how to tip" a lot, so its semi understandable.  But I've had good service everytime a guy has served me.  Usually its either Patrick who never seems to get a day off =p or the guy with really sweet dreads (sorry man, that grilled cheese is more important than your name hehehe)  For some odd reason all the girls there have this high and mighty attitude and are very rude. The low cut, semi see through white wife beaters with the dark colored bra totally take away from the "upscale" setting. Sorry girls, the white trash look will never be classy.. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! The technician and doctors were very attentive to my needs and concerns as an owner. They also treated my dog based off of her personality. For example, the last vet she went to was very upset with me because my dog behaved badly during a nail trim so I warned the vet tech at countryside that she might be bad... to my surprise the tech brought her back to me after the nail trim and said "She let out one yelp and was fine, she does better with less handling so I just trimmed her nails and let her do her own thing." I can't explain to you the joy that I had hearing that. It's not a "one size fits all" clinic.. The actual facility and trip experience was incredible. However, the guide letting us in and our of our kayaks were sarcastic to the point of being rude. He joked that my friend was going to go under water if she didn't plug her nose, just by being pushed into the water and then upon exiting he told me to paddle as hard as I could into the dock to help him get momentum to lift me up. Not knowing better I actually did this and got a serious jolt. What if I had had back problems or neck problems? Not cool. 

The water and scenery was beautiful and there was SO much to do at the whole center. We did not let this one idiot ruin our day. It is a little pricey so you have to make the most of your day there and get there early, but it is so worth it.. Maureen at the Sue Devitt makeup counter is truly wonderful! She is an expert in her field.. I've been a member at this gym for a year now and absolutely love it. It is extremely clean and filled with the latest equipment. There is always someone cleaning the floors, bathrooms, and equipment when I am there - thank you! The staff from the front desk to the kids club are extremely helpful and friendly. The juice bar has delicious drinks and I love that I can make my own protein smoothies after my workout. 

The kids club is where it's at people. Having children and having them enjoy going to the gym with me is priceless. My daughter absolutely loves all the gals who work in there and so do I. I appreciate that they are friendly and fun. On certain Fridays in the morning they even have a sweet lady come in and sing songs with the kids - how awesome is that?! Thank you for taking such great care of my little one while I get some much needed time to work up a sweat!

Almost forgot - the cardio cinema - WIN! They have a big room filled with various cardio equipment and every day they play a new video on repeat. Great way to get a long session of cardio in.. Tonight was our first time to Nick's Diner 2.  We live right around the corner so we had to try it.  Well...it was delish!  I had the special which was a chicken kabob, gyro meat, and rice.  There was enough food for 2 people with extra.  It came with soup, pita, onion, and ttomato.  You even got free pie too.  All for 10$.  Everything was hot and tasty.   Three of us ate for 38$, and that was with drinks, and bringing home leftovers for lunch or dinner tomorrow.  I would go back in a heartbeat.. Awesome place and service. The food was so good. I can't wait to go back. You won't be disappointed :). Every time I am in Madison I make it a point to go to the Comedy Club and I have a blast each time.  The comedians are consistently hilarious and the servers are very nice.  There is a 2 drink minimum that does not include drinks purchased in the lobby but they have Spotted Cow on tap so no problem here.  Cover is normally $10 and you can call ahead and reserve seats which saves a lot of time especially on busy nights.. I went there to meet up with friends for a late night drink. Loved the friendly vibe and romantic setting, the smell not so... What I'm giving 5 stars for was the service. I ordered calamari and it came with cheese sprinkled on which was a surprise to me. I don't do dairy, So, they brought 2 extra dishes to make it up for it! And they only charged for 1 glass of wine though I ordered 2. Incredible! Though the food there is not the type of food I eat, I'll go back for another drink and service!!!  Recommend!. We were in Las Vegas for only a couple of days and I kept seeing advertisements for prime rib all over town. So it's our last day and I say I want prime rib. I go to Yelp on my phone and search for prime rib, up pops several restaurant suggestions and I go to DuPar's based on stars.  I read Jeff D.'s review (can a guy who's written 279 reviews be wrong?)  and as I decide this is where we will go , we are literally driving next to the Golden Gate Casino. Hubby and I both order the 8 ounce prime rib meal which comes with potatoes, vegetables and horseradish. Everything was perfectly cooked and tasted wonderful. The service was outstanding.  And, for $2.50 more you can add soup, salad, or a PIECE OF PIE to your meal.  I had coconut cream pie and it was so good.  We will be back!. G & G was suggested to me by my aunt who also has a Mercedes Benz and I decided to go there to get my check engine checked out. I made an appointment for the next week.

It was a little difficult to find. You'll see a Taco Bell on the right side, a side street which you should take, and a Jiffy Lube. G & G is behind the Jiffy Lube.

The service from the people working here was amazing. They're friendly and warm. They kept both myself and other customers up to date on what was going on with our cars and Mark helped me with what I wanted, which was getting my car ready to pass a smog test since I needed to get it registered for this state.

It took about two hours which was fine because I had a book to read and someone turned on a heater so I could keep warm. The price for everything was cheap and the owner explained to me what they did with my car.

G & G is definitely going to be my new auto repair shop. They're cheap, especially since they work only on Mercedes Benz cars, friendly, and honest.. Went today for lunch, very nice experience!!! Waiter was helpful (Cesar ) and explained menu as it was our first time! Had delicious ice tea, house salad and individual pizzas!!! Food came quickly and hot! Not a big selection for lunch pizzas or calzones but the basic!  Intend to come again and get a large one with more topping! A little more pricey than average pizza place but the service and added elegance (table cloths, cloth napkins) made it worth it! I recommend you try it if you like thin crust pizza, just the right amount of sauce and a crispy crust which I do love!!!. One of the BEST locations out there. I live in Los Angeles and always make it a point to stop by this spot when in Vegas.  Have NEVER had a bad experience.  Friendly, pleasant staff..extremely nice management, fresh chicken done just the way you order it, CLEAN table & restrooms.  Really wish some of the ones in Los Angeles would take a page from this locations customer service book.. Have stayed at many nice and not so nice hotels,  very good value, clean, and the downloadable app tells you all you need to know about the hotel.  Downside, small tub but huge bathroom. Skimpy on the towels and old tv.  Comfy bed, nice sitting area, and great view.  Would stay again and again.. One of my favorite cheap eat places in Chinatown! I usually go for the grilled pork BBQ Vietnamese sandwich. I love that their bread is the perfect amounts of doughy and crispy and they fill it very generously with meat, veggies and mayo. Their meat is never too chewy or fatty and one sandwich usually does the job to fill me up. When you order egg rolls or spring rolls, they make sure everyone at the table has dipping sauces. I'm not a fan of pho, I do like their soup-base and the people that I have ordered with did enjoy their pho. I enjoy drinking their hot tea, especially since they don't charge extra. 

The owners and workers here are always very attentive and the restaurant has plentiful seating and is never too full. The only con I could think of is that they usually have Fox News playing in the background, which makes for unsavory commentary or images while you are dining.. 4 1/2 stars! Our prior stay in Vegas was at the Luxor (nice place but waaaaaaay too far out on the start of the strip) so for our two night couples trip to Las Vegas for 03/14 weekend we chose The Mirage and loved this place. Stayed in a regular king sized room and it was the perfect size, very clean and nicely decorated. I'm sure you can find a fancier room in other hotels but this is a great place at a very decent price, plus great location on the strip. The entire hotel is very pretty. Lots of plants and flowers. The general pool area is huge and relaxing (seperate from Bare pool party area). Volcano show is cool and buffett was pricey but food was good. Didnt eat at any of the restaurants there but there's definitely options to choose from.
There was an incident as we were checking-in where another guest was making a huge scene and getting angry with the staff (his problem had nothing to do with the hotel but with the cab driver who drove him there)... anyway, the young lady who was assisting us was not only very nice before the incident but apologized several times afterwards and gave each of our rooms (3 rooms) a $25 credit because we had to witness the uncomfortable moment. Not much but I thought it was nice of her because it wasnt something she HAD to do. I will definitely be back to the Mirage!. I absolutley love this place, I have been coming here since it was a small "hole in the wall" on Flamingo Rd. now they are about 22/23 miles away from me but that does not stop me from driving across town to come & indulge in some real authentic mexican food. I am Mexican and I know what real authentic mexican food is suppose to taste like & this place hits home all the time, I have had just about everything on the menu and could not say one bad thing about anything on it, all is delicious and full of flavor.

Service is amazing, love walking into a place w/cheerful and upbeat smiling faces.. It's been years since I've had Ethiopian and this food certainly did not dissapoint!! Great food!. I went to the spa 2 days ago. It was great. Be prepared to see a lot of nude people. No one cares about your body. All shapes, all sizes, no problem.  Bring your own flip flops and extra towels. It's 2 levels. It used to be a 24 hour fitness center. 

The one thing I don't like is that is that people don't follow directions.  Posted throughout the spa in the whirlpool and steam room areas, no swimwear,  underwear, etc. Only your body and shower after you sweat. For cleanliness purposes. They don't know where your clothes have been, but they know where your body has been (In the shower). Most people are very friendly.  Always sparking up a conversation and tons of laughs. A few shrewd people, but we pay them no attention. A little tip, if you are trying to detox more or shed some excess water weight, then I recommend applying albolene to your body before you enter the steam room or dry sauna. It helps to open your pores. You will sweat like crazy and it's so relaxing. It gets pretty hot in there.  I love the heat so it's not an issue for me. If you do hot yoga, it's nothing.
 
Upstairs, I certainly suggest the red clay ball room and the ice room. Be careful in the ball room, otherwise you will fall and bust your ass......lol. those little balls are slippery. They suggest being in the room for 20 mins, but it's so warm and comfortable that you will fall asleep. I did. The ice room is to close your pores. It's not extremely cold, just relaxing. 

Get the groupon. So worth it. I will be visiting the imperial spa quite often. It will be perfect after a hard workout.. I've been to Kofusion for lunch twice now.  Both times I have enjoyed the food and the ambiance.  My favorite is the Big Roll.  Although, they really need to hire better servers (or train them better.)  Not impressed with their knowledge or service manner.. A solid pizza joint best for take out. Every bite resembles utopia in a slice of pizza. Lovingly made by hand with the freshest ingredients and not your chain pizza place. 
Only downside to report is not enough variety and not really a great dine in area but otherwise excellent. The reason they don't drown the pizza in their homemade sauce is because they want you to taste the ingredients and we find that refreshing and love that about them. It's definitely a must try place and who knew Mexican pizza was so delicious!. Absolutely amazing! I've been here a couple of times now and each time, there was nothing to complain about, at all. The staff is extremely friendly and very attentive to every customer. The owner actually works the cash register and if you can't decide from the many excellent choices, he'll offer a suggestion.  

As for food, I've tried a few and loved them all. For the savory crepes, I've tried the Sonora, the Caprese, and one of their specials, I believe it's called the Clucker. The Sonora is like a Mexican burrito, with a crepe instead of the tortilla. When I said that, the owner responded with, "Yeah, like a burrito, but better" and I totally agree. The meat and guacamole were well seasoned and the meat was still very tender. The Caprese was also very good, I loved the pesto! The Clucker was filled with chicken, chorizo, and some cheese and it was super flavorful. The chorizo gave a nice little kick and the chicken was still very moist. All of them were packed full, you definitely get your money's worth, in quality and quantity. 

The one sweet crepe I tried was the Frisco and it was mm mm tasty. The lemon curd was not too sweet or too sour and there was just the perfect amount of it, not overpowering the crepe or the blueberries. Also, that bad boy was FILLED with blueberries. There had to have been at least an entire 4oz package of blueberries in that thing!

Each of the savory crepes came with a side of soup or salad, although the Clucker, since it was considered a breakfast crepe had the choice of banana too. When I first ordered, I asked for the banana, but quickly changed my mind wanting the salad, and the owner said he would just tell the staff. When my food came, it came with the banana and I said I changed it to a salad. The waiter just threw in the salad on top of the banana! Seriously, really great service here. 

I can't wait to come back and try more of the crepes, if only they were open a little later. Not a big morning person, but I will make the effort to wake up earlier for this place, and so should you!. Loved this place! Saw a band play and had delicious food. My only complaint was having to flag down the waitress for EVERY request. In her defense, the place was buzzing.. But we wouldn't even see her for 30 mins at a time. Pulled pork sliders with pineapple slaw, onion rings, fries, and drinks are TASTY!. Located at the The District in Henderson, this is a nice shop to browse. I say 'browse', because the prices are higher than my budget allows. Such cute dress designs!!! Ooh La La, if money were no object, I'd come here to shop 'til I drop- seriously. 

All Anthropologie shops are pretty much set up like a living room, with furniture in the middle of the floor. Regular priced stuff is located up front (the highest price for a dress was $159.00). Cute jewelry, soaps, and things for the home are sprinkled throughout. The sales racks are in the back, tucked away in a little room. There were some cute tops for $29.99. Still such lovely ideas for a wardrobe refreshing. Closeby, outside of the clearance section, I spotted a maxi dress that I saw online (on the company page) only available in two sizes, though. It was priced at $88.00. If I had the inkling to splurge I could see myself getting this dress. Yes, I liked it that much. 

This store is very similar to the one located at the Forum Shops (The Strip). Very pretty things here in all aspects, not just for your closet.. I just came back from trying the yogurt here and I must say I enjoyed it! My boyfriend and I actually ended up here because we took a wrong turn on our way back to UNLV. I am pretty glad we did because the yogurt here is pretty great! For being a very new business, they have a great selection of yogurts, toppings, and different sauces you can put on top. I added some photos of the different flavors available so check the business photos page!

After taking a look around, I decided to try the kiwi strawberry yogurt. The kiwi strawberry was perfect for me because I don't like when my yogurt is too sweet. This yogurt offered the right amount of tangy flavor to counteract the sweetness. It was delicious and I only paid a little under $2.50 for it. Not bad considering how much I usually pay at places like Yogurtland or Pinkberry. After my purchase I received a stamp card. The stamp card allows you, on your 10th visit/stamp, to get 16oz of frozen yogurt free! What a deal right?! That should be more than enough incentive to come here.

Another great feature about this place is they have free wi-fi! There are couches and chairs so you can sit down with your laptop or iPad and enjoy some delicious yogurt. They also have a couple TVs for your entertainment. 

The employees at Chill-N-Yogurt were very friendly and welcoming. I really enjoyed my visit to Chill-N-Yogurt and will definitely be coming back again!. WOW! Just...WOW! 

I used to work in soul food kitchen many many many years ago and haven't found another place that could compare...until one of my co-workers recommended this place! Now I really don't think you can get any better than M & M! 

I went at about 2pm on a Wednesday. Walking in the ambience is like a real soul food kitchen...authentic! The place was full of patrons but not packed...we were at a table and promptly served. You can get full orders with 3 sides or half orders with two sides. They also have a la carte food you can purchase separately. I ordered a full plate of red snapper with collard greens, red beans and rice and yams...DELICIOUSNESS!!! I got the full order with the intention on saving some for my late night work "lunch"...but it was soOOoOOooOoOo good!...Saving some to go just wasn't going to happen...and I ate it...ALL! The portions are generous but it does seem a little pricey. Honestly though...everything I ate was so savory and memorable to the taste buds that I don't mind the $20 bill just for myself! My coworker ate her full plate of pork chops, mac&cheese, cabbage and smothered stuffing too!!! 

TaShara was our server...and she was AMAZING! As a matter of fact EVERYONE that worked there was AMAZING! All were attentive to your needs and you didn't have to hunt anyone down if there was an extra order of banana pudding you need to go! You can tell they love their job and care about there service here!...you don't find that kind of positivity very often in restaurants...but that's what makes this place superb!...great staff with great attitudes and DELICIOUS food!. We got a great deal online, and I was thrilled when I got there and found it wasn't a dump (I'm a bit weary of Hotwire/Priceline at times!).  The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout the whole stay.  The rooms were great, although I was a big put-off by the french doors to the bathroom.  It's fine if you're just showering in there (even though it's loud for anyone relaxing in the bedroom), but if you have to take care of some business everyone in the room is able to know what's going on!  The balcony was nice to have, but it'd be nicer if there were some chairs out there to relax on.  The bed was great, turn-down service every night, plush robes - all in all a great place and I'd most likely stay again.. This day the service was leaving something to be desired, I'm not a fan of being neglected by a server let alone having a beer spilled on me, on my table or my food. I don't appreciate a server lazily adding garnish to my beers (limes in a non-mexican beer) and not offering to fix it, especially when her presence was lacking at best.  The menu is average but the atmosphere keeps us coming back. I love the fact you can bring your pups and relax with a cocktail and enjoy the surroundings. The Nachos are fabulous and always leave me wanting more. . I love the fact that the bar has an outside/inside option which is great in the summer (maybe not in Dec/Jan)..  We'll keep coming back and fingers crossed we dont end up in a poor servers section again.. I come here about once a week for lunch.  The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great lunch deal.  The reason for 4 stars? The staff is rude and impersonal.. BEST spa I have ever been to hands down! If you want to relax this is the perfect get away from a hectic Vegas trip. Staff are very friendly and informative if you need anything. Such a clean beautiful environment, very European style spa with a south Asian theme. There is a sauna, steam room, one small cold pool and two heated pools. By the pools there are heated lounge chairs and 5 types of waterfall showers you can enjoy after your dip in the pool. There are also over 10 private showers you can use in the facility. I get a 50 min fusion massage usually and every masseuse I've had have been amazing and professional. There is a relaxation waiting room before you get your treatments with some refreshments (try the coconut cashew mix, it's AMAZING!) best place ever, when I think of heaven this Spa comes closest :). Let me start by saying that I have no idea why this place has so many negative reviews. So, if you're considering going here, but hesitant because of the reviews, I challenge you to try it. You won't regret it. 

With that being said, as I pulled up to Jasmine Express, I was a little worried because of the cigar store next door. When I tried Viet Bistro at Tenaya and Lake Mead, it was disgusting because of the cigar smell. But anyways, as I walked in, I was greeted immediately. I ordered a milk tea boba and redeemed my free eggrolls coupon for my Yelp check-in to start. Very prompt service. My boyfriend and I both ordered Pho, as he was not feeling well. I got the rare steak pho. It was absolutely amazing. The flavor was incredible. 

I have ZERO complaints about this place. I will definitely be back, sooner rather than later. So glad I finally found a place I can get pho that's not all the way in China town.. I love this place. I have not had a single thing I didn't like. Super fast and easy for my lunch beak.. The wait for 2-3 people on Sunday afternoon was 20 minutes. There is a small area at the entrance where you can sit and wait for your table to be come available. To the left of the entrance is a small bar area. Parking was difficult due to condo parking that is shared with the retail location however, if are willing to walk there is a parking garage a few blocks away. 

Service was good for a busy Sunday afternoon. Food came out timely. Reasonably priced.. I've been in this place before over the years and always had a good experience.  The man who runs it is so very nice and welcoming and cheerful (and sometimes flattering!).  Tonight I was just looking for a place that was open after 9pm, when most non-chain places seem to close.  I skirted in here just beforehis  9:30pm closing and ordered a "House Fried Rice" with shrimp, beef and chicken, small size.  It was still warm when I got back to my daughter's apartment and I dove right it.  It was the best fried rice I'd had in a long time, not gummy like some, not too salty like some, just right, and only $6.  It was more than enough and I couldn't finish it so I'll have leftovers for tomorrow.  I'm sure glad I made it there in time.  I recommend this small Mom and Pop place.  It's been here for years.. We had a completely different experience than the other reviewer and perhaps it is because he was our fifth neurologist. We love Dr. Raja. He is slow getting you back in the exam room (but if your child has special needs and you see specialists in Las Vegas, this is the norm), but it is because he is thorough. He sits and actually discusses the issues with you. I would say the minimum amount of time we spend with him is 10 minutes and that is just on follow-ups. I recommend Dr. Raja to any parent who has had to experience the only other child neurology center on Desert Inn and is frustrated with not only the office staff but the lack of compassion and understanding provided by the doctors at that office.. I've referred Sunrise Solar Screens to several of my family and friends in town and they have had nothing but great things to say. This company goes above and beyond to make sure that they accommodate your needs and not up sell you additional products that you do not really need. They give you several different options, which is very helpful if you are on a budget. Excellent customer service is difficult to come by, and I'm glad that this company goes out of their way to deliver it!. The service was exceptional. The recommended candied bacon was amazing. I had the daily special of two lobster tail with Creole butter sauce and was so happy with it. The lobster tails were cooked perfectly and the Creole butter sauce was what made the meal unique.. Very tasty BBQ platters. We had the tri tip, chicken & baby back rib platter. Loved the ribs & tri tips. The chicken was too smoky for my taste, but very tender. Excellent strawberry lemonade & biscuits. Would come back again.. This place has s really cool vibe. Great service! The drinks are great! The food is a fresh take on comfort food. We had the chicken pot pie and french onion inside out sandwich for apps. We shared the Hen and waffles and the shellfish Shepard's pie! The desert was interesting but good! I would recommend coming here before or after a show at Mandalay Bay. We are about to see Aziz Ansari. On our way to Julian, CA from San Diego, CA we accidentally missed our turn off and ended up in Phoenix, AZ? After exploring downtown Phoenix (which was eerily quiet,) we finally stopped for gas and restaurant suggestions, which led us to the mall where a nice lady at Macy's pointed us towards ZEN 32. Being the sushi snob that I am, I'm usually wary of trying new places, but the bf insisted so off we went. I must say I was gleefully surprised! The sushi was fresh and they had a short but inventive specialty roll list. My favorite was the Show Gun, today's special which was a Crunchy roll with spicey tuna on the inside wrapped in soy paper. The waitress was attentive, keeping the dishes clear and my drink full as well as giving some very yummy suggestions! My only complaint is that the menu tells you what is included with a roll but doesnt specify whether its on the inside or the outside of it. The atmosphere and decor was dark and secretive, with cool little details like peek-a-boo windows and Sea Anemone covered lights. They had a full bar and outdoor seating. I would definitely suggest this to any of my friends visiting Phoenix!. Everyone should check out this new coffee shop! Unlike other franchises that mask any resemblance of coffee that might have been, every coffee drink that I've gotten here has been a well balance of strong coffee taste and natural sweetness. It's not just the expertly crafted coffee that brings you in, they also have a variety of fresh brewed tea, pastries, and hand made paninis. 

Really enticing environment inspired by the Illuminate/free masons theory. Eclectic art by local artists on the walls and impressive lighting and artifacts. While you're waiting for the baristas to bring you your selected vice of choice you can read any of the many interesting books on the shelves. The couches are heavenly clouds to lounge on and there are also a variety of games such as chess, checkers, dominos, cards, and a multi video game arcade table soon to be set up! (I'm super excited for this!) Free wifi with password posted up. There is also a weekly riddle up on the chalk board, if you solve it you get a percentage off your purchase.

Hours now are 12noon to 12am, not the normal daytime hours you would expect from a coffee shop but more catered to the later crowd. Which is perfect for me or any student for that matter, as I study and work late hours. Definitely don't miss out on this treasure hidden in plain sight.. This place hit all my bullet points. I loved the decor right off the bat, and we were greeted with a friendly host--great first impression. Our server was incredibly helpful in recommending drinks (I chose The Darkness and would absolutely order it again). We started with the endless butterscotch chile popcorn (because how could you not?), and had a hard time selecting entrees because they all looked so delicious. I chose a half order of the beef short ribs with grits and a side of french fries, and my friend opted for a shot (yes, they offer shots, cups, and bowls of soup--genius) of their yummy cauliflower soup and a half order of the pork belly. I enjoyed both of our choices immensely, and next time I will think ahead and not fill up on the popcorn to save room for dessert.

I will definitely be returning. The great service and food was well worth it. The only advice I can give is to park underground at Cityscape (they will validate in the restaurant), and make sure you go to the second floor to find the restaurant.. Bloody Mary's are awesome..service was great , roasted chicken very nice.... Iglu provided one of the most memorable experiences on our trip from Scotland! We visited here for a whisky tasting and dinner, and it was one of the best we had on our trip. 

The manager of the bar came and sat with us, and walked us through the whiskies we were tasting. She was very knowledgeable, and very patiently answered all of our questions. There were 5 drams in all, and I enjoyed the experience.

The food was fabulous. We had 3 courses of local, sustainable ingredients. Everything was delicious. 

The atmosphere is cosy and quaint. We went on a quiet Sunday night, so we were seated downstairs next to the bar. I really enjoyed listening to the banter of the locals. 

All in all, I firmly believe that Iglu can't be missed!. Seriously?

How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite places in the valley?

What a great place to start off an evening or close the night out.  It can also be a great place for lunch on one of our fabulous afternoons.  This means the ambiance is perfect in all situations.

Drinks are awesome.  Fully stocked bar.  Great drink menu.  Pricey, but worth it as they do not skimp on the good stuff.  I've tried a lot of their martini's and have enjoyed every single one.

The food here is great.  I go back and then back again for the Burger Au' Prove (burger with peppercorn sauce).  Meat is quality, buns are fresh and the sauce makes that burger mouth-watering wonderful.

Before this I will usually order the civiche or Hell Fire chips for the table.  The chips are fresh and I have been introduced to a wonderful hot sauce called Arizona Gun Slinger.  The civiche is fresh and loaded with shrimp, tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lemon all to be piled onto fresh cooked white tortilla chips.

When I have friends or family in town, this is the place I bring them to.  When I'm celebrating anything, this is the place to do so.. OK, I've decided that other coffee shops sell swill. I think about Dazbog coffee in a dreamy sort of way, like unstressed people think about sex. I mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. Seriously, I would be there every day... 

The chocolate cappuccino rocks my world and perks me right the hell up, even on the mushiest afternoon. No bitterness, not overly sweet, just blissful- in an I've-just-been-bitch-slapped-by-caffeine sort of way, of course. 

Oh, and the sandwiches I complained about? Replaced by real deli looking ones in clam-shells. Far more appetizing. But what the hell do I need a sandwich for when I can have a giant red velvet cupcake? 

Don't make me break out the voodoo, Dazbog. Just open at 6:00 am like any other coffee shop and we'll be BFFs.. As good as it gets for Mexican food. Excellent variety on the menu, authentic taste, great vibe, fast and efficient service.

I had a chicken burrito, lame - I know - but super good. They made the guacamole tableside, chopped in jalapenos... just the way I like it.

Excellent guacamole, I'll come back here solely for that.. I love Jenny! She always does a phenomenal job! Always encourages me to get out of my comfort zone! She's the best nail tech that I've ever had. I live across town and travel just so she can do my nails! Loyalty all the way! :). Best foie gras I have ever tasted bar none.
Don't expect your upscale sophistication in plating.
It's a mess but the decadent taste more than makes up for it.
The chef (captain picard :) ) looks like a sweaty mad man, nice guy but the more you look at him,
the more you think to yourself "is he for real...errr... why am I here?"
Don't eat too much bread while waiting for the food, you will regret
(generous portions and everything is heavy artery blocking fare)
Foie gras duo and why of course the Pied de cochon (huge pigs hock stewed to perfection with a sloppy creamy concoction poured over it) are to die for.
Be prepared to walk for 45 min + (St Denis back to the hotel areas @ crescent on a good evening) to get arteries working again.
But seriously, that's what REAL good food is all about.. Love the service and food is always yummy!. In my quest for the best Mexican food (somewhere in which the refried beans are not from a can).  I happened upon Mariscos!  It was fabulous and I will return often and work my way through the menu.  I had the camarone culichi, which came with rice, salad and beans.  It was a lot of food, enough to take home for a second meal.  Next time I will try a margarita....it looked very tasty.  The establishment was quaint, it looked very clean and they were very welcoming!. O how I love to eat ribeye.  The juiciness in your mouth is so...wait, wait...I'm getting ahead of myself here.  Let's save the food for last!

Texas Roadhouse, always a casual dining experience.  Want something to munch on while waiting on a table?  Go ahead and grab some peanuts!  I'm not a peanut kind of person, but if I was, I would enjoy that little detail.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere with some swanky decorations found around the place.  The country music playing in the background as well made me feel like a country girl inside.  

The staff there is pleasant to serve you.  I have always walked in and been greeted with a smile from the hostess, even when it has been crazy busy and hectic in the waiting area.  A fact that I love about when the employees seat us is that they do not seem to judge me when ask for 2 cups of butter for my rolls that they grab when seating people.

Okay okay...the good stuff now.  Food.  Let me start off in order.  The rolls are BOMB.  The employees always grab a basket of rolls when seating you, so you're sure to have something else to munch on while waiting for your server.  My favorite appetizer are the rattlesnake bites.  Jalapenos and cheese battered and fried!  You just can't go wrong with that.  I order a Cesar salad, standard.  Then my ribeye comes into view, looking succulent as always.  I drool as soon as I see that sexy piece of meat coming my way.  The first bite is delightful as always.  

I would tots recommend this Texas Roadhouse location for a fun and casual dining experience in the Matthews area.  Yee-haw!  *tips hat*. Such a great selection of clothing for every occasion!!!  Dresses, shirts, accessories!  Loved it!  Its a little more pricey then your average store but you can buy a great outfit for a decent price!. I went to Fonduementale and I was very impressed. The food tasted excellent and the experience was fun! 

We had 3 courses of fondue - cheese, broth, and chocolate, and they were all very good. The cheese fondue was strong and flavourful. The broth fondue came with an amazing selection of dipping sauces, that each complemented the dish in a different way. The sauces were all great and the meat and salmon dippers seemed really fresh and of high quality.  The chocolate fondue was a great ending to the meal - rich and sweet, it was so good. 

The only downfall is that it was extremely loud and packed, which is why I deducted one star. We went with a coupon we bought at a group buy site, and it was coming up to the expiry date, so I wonder if it was busier than usual or if it is usually as full.. Pink's is nothing special, but they're good. I like the wide variety of toppings. C'mon, it's hot dogs! I didn't expect a mind-blowing experience.

It's just a place you have to stop by when you're in Vegas, especially when you're drunk and/or wanting a cheap and quick bite.  They're cheap considering the area.. The "Tajma-Teeter" of the area... this is a fantastic Harris Teeter with a full deli, full meat counter and full vegetable/organic section. Great place to grab lunch (incredible sandwich specials made with Boars Head meat), a fresh salad (you make yourself from the bar!), or a fresh meal from their buffet. They have a huge wine/beer section, their meat counter has all sorts of cuts of meat and seafood as well as fresh sausage (try the Sicilian, you won't be sorry!), and their fresh produce section is incredible! Best of all-if you can't find something, if they don't have it-they ask you-and they WILL stock it in the future. Oh, and don't forget the shopping service! You can shop online and pick up your groceries (already bagged) later!. Great staff, great prices with huge portions! My boyfriend got the pork larb and it was full of flavor. I can taste the spices and the lettuce was crunchy and fresh. I got the duck noodle soup. I can't really find this anywhere unless I go to LA, so I had to get it here. It was so delicious and full of duck flavor. Duck broth is naturally on the salty side, so don't be surprised if you think it is salty. It taste great! :) we ordered the Thai tea to wash down the spiciness. The Thai tea is just as good as archies, maybe better. For dessert we got fried Ice cream. Its a giant ball of goodness. The guy that works there, Victor, is really sweet and told us to come back for lunch because the deals are better! I am definitely coming back for lunch to see what else they have to offer.. Coming here is so fun I mean how could it not be, it the drive in movies you always have the perfect seat, you can eat whatever you want, and it's okay to talk. Its like a cross between a movie theater and your living room. It can be romantic  date or a fun family outing where no one gets upset if the kids have input on the movie. The movie seats recline and there is never anyone in front of you to keep you from putting your feet up that what dashboards are for. Gotta love it the movies with privacy.. Have been eating their pizza since their first location. Now we have worn a path between Sundance Cinema and their door. Yes to pizza with a pile of arugula. The staff are always friendly as are the musicians. We just always leave smiling.. Came here as part of our "Sunday Funday" on a weekend trip to Pittsburgh. Since it was a beautiful day, we were able to be seated next to the open front of the restaurant. We ordered margaritas which were decently priced and good. I am a bit of a margarita snob and I think these may have been made from a mix. We continued with some chicken nachos which were awesome. The chips were delicious and loaded with delicious cheesiness, salsa, guacamole, beans and sour cream.

What I have failed to mention is the interior of the restaurant. It is spacious and bright and seems like a great place to have a party. Service is really fast and friendly. A fun place to hang out!. This place was amazing! The staff was wonderful, our desserts were heavenly!
We came just for dessert because they have my very favorite dessert in the whole wide world, Creme Brulee!
The food being served around us tells me, we will be back for dinner and dessert in the near future. 
Loved the owners and all the staff, i enjoyed watching them work. I don't understand the comments on the Rudeness? I didn't get that from them.

Like to mention that when i Yelp! Cafepino and read reviews, this made me understand how important it is to include pictures. I am making more of an effort to submit pictures in all my reviews.. love it, love it, love it, love it. 

super busy on friday/saturday nights. 
it's super small so, get there early or late.. I have only tried the pizza and it was delicious all three times. My daughter is very picky about her pizza but she is always trying to get me to go back here for more pizza.The cheese they use on their pizzas is very very good.. Went here for the first time with one of my best guy friends. We love trying food places we haven't been to, & heard about this place from multiple people especially my brother & his girlfriend. Their food was the perfect portion size, & it was my first time trying escargot, & the way they seasoned it was AMAZING! Our servers were fantastic. We were originally seated outside with the sun facing us, & it got too hot, so our server was able to switch us to more shaded table. The staff was very friendly & outgoing. 

I ordered the scallop, per recommendation of my waiter because I wasn't too sure yet. It was perfect. It just melted in my mouth & the plate representation was simple, but chic. The escargot was interesting, & they were smart to prepare it without the shell. We used the rest of the sauce for our bread. 

We also ended up ordering desserts, the caramel creme brûlée & the banana crepes. I love creme brûlée & theirs was just delicious. It wasn't too sweet, nor too bland, it had the perfect hint of caramel flavoring - so it didn't exactly taste like leche flan. 

The price for our meal was about a total of $150, 2 entrees, 1 appetizer, & 2 desserts & 2 glasses of wine. I thought it was going to cost more, but it was just enough for everything we ordered.. my favorite brand of yogurt.  their quality is also better than other red mangos!. Was married here in January 2010.

Packages were cheap, chapel was pretty (not cheesy at all), coordinators were helpful, photography turned out surprisingly well and flowers looked good. 

Overall, it was a great experience! 

Drawbacks; the service was very short and chapel was hard to find.. Still rocking 5 stars as all three of my dogs get treated quite well here. I got a pup recently and she ended up having a congenital problem called Mega Esophagus. (ME). I have learned that many people who have dogs with this never get good vet help because so many are really unaware of how to treat it. I had never heard of it. But Docs here knew immediately upon presentation. When I have to take her in, they do ALL the stuff you need to  feed and care for this dog.  This vet has never let me down no matter which doc is working or available. There is only ONE annoying person who works there...a young woman who always makes comments about my dogs being barky when they are kenneled or when they have gotten better after some procedure. She clearly does not like her job and I wish she would get a different one so the cloud she creates would be gone!. When I moved to Phoenix, this was by far the number one and most recommended coffee shop to try out. I love to try new things but this is one place that I have only ever had one beverage and love it. The espresso is delicious and I stick with my iced almond milk lattes.

There is plenty of great seating but parking can be pretty difficult to find.. DELICIOIUS!

And they even have chopped fresh wasabi.   

I got a roll and a bunch of nigiri, and everything was awesome.

Loves it.. "If you were falling, then I would catch you. You need a light, I'd find a match. Cuz I love the way you say good morning. And you take me the way I am..."

This perfect little song was playing in Pasqual's as I walked in for the first time about two months ago on a Wednesday afternoon. I had just received some really, really good news from my doctor and although everyone else was at work, I had to celebrate. Margaritas at noon? Why not? The woman at the counter was extremely helpful and friendly as I perused the menu to find the best celebratory lunch. A chronic un-decider, I finally settled on two enchiladas: one chicken, one beef, one with red chile and one with green chile. Done and done!

"If you are chilly, here take my sweater. Your head is aching, I'll make it better. Cuz I love the way you call me baby. And you take me the way I am..."

I found a great spot by the window, surrounded by healthy succulents and cacti, a howling coyote sculpture and an armadillo carving. I waited patiently with my pink plastic mum--this notifies the food runners where to deliver the orders. The margarita was completely fresh and well-balanced. Somehow, in my cozy lunch euphoria, I devoured the whole plate of enchiladas with beans and rice. I finally had my appetite back, and what a great place to replenish my food credits!

Thanks Pasqual's! You fed my heart AND my belly.. We finally decided to try this place, right around the corner from where we live this is the first time we've been there. It was delicious, what can I say? Really good food! It's Wednesday night, I'd say Wednesday is a great night to go: our server was polite, sweet, lovely, wonderful, attentive everything you want in a server. I asked her when she works and she said she only works Wednesday nights!
I'll post some pictures, the inside of the place is clean, pleasant. I like the blue colors. kids love the fish tanks, I wouldn't call it a "wow", but I would call it a nice clean place for family to eat. By the way, no alcohol service at all. So if you like wine or beer with your Chinese food, my suggestion is order for takeout.
Especially liked the deep fried crab balls, and the salt-and-pepper shrimp!. I have been very pleased with this
Location they always get me in and know how to treat me.. Very happy! Over Christmas I used my Pfaff 2144/70 just a little too much and caused "Main Motor Block". I checked www.pfaffusa.com site and found Sew Little Time and their web address. The 2144/70 is a volatile, yet delicate, little monster, and I was a bit nervous leaving it with someone I didn't know. As soon as I walked into the shop, I could tell anyone and everyone was welcome :) Amelia is very knowledgable of embroidery, quilting, and sewing - and all the components of the machine to make each happen. David has good, solid training with the Pfaff machines. I immediately felt at ease and was A-OK with leaving my little monster. While I was there I even signed up for a sewing class that Sat. 

David called with updates with my machine - and I picked it up today. Mind you, this machine has been back to Ohio twice and with other "Pfaff qualified" techs before. But David has made it stitch MUCH BETTER! The machine is acting like it should! I am so very, very excited! The fee was very reasonable. The length of time for repair was very reasonable. David's and Amelia's attitudes are fabulous! 

Check out the shop. You'll be very happy :). I'm giving 5 stars to the service and sales department and 3 stars to the finance department.  I would highly recommend them for a new car purchase.  They will fit you in for service even if you don't have an appointment, and you can keep busy getting a chair massage or manicure for a reasonable rate ($15). If you buy your car new there, the first few are on them.  They even wash your car for you.  I do wish they would vacuum it out too (the Jiffy Lube I went to for 15 years vacuumed my car out every time so I guess I got a little spoiled.)

When/if you go into financing, they heavy pressure you to buy an extended warranty even though you get a very nice three year/30,000K one.   They would not take no for an answer.  The man we worked with was nice besides his constant baggering and drawing out the signing of the paperwork.  In order to get out, I finally agreed to it and was going to report it to the BBB, but they redid the paperwork and made it right.  Big Two is very responsive to customer needs and takes complaints seriously.  I would not hesitate to go back to them, but I would tell the finance guy right off not to offer me an extended warranty or I'm walking.  (Note:  He offered another 4 years for 7 total and started at $1,800 and came down to $1,200. If you want it, pay no more than $1,200).  :). Yum...had to check this place out after I heard they won best gelato in Phoenix!  I thoroughly enjoyed the pear gelato while sitting in the park this weekend - flavorful with figs and so refreshing.  Definitely made me feel like I was in Italy!. Pretty much any kind of fancy soap you can imagine is available here. It was great fun going in and browsing all the soaps. The service is very helpful! And they even have perfume oils that you can mix and match to create your own personalized scent. My brother bought himself a mix of green tea and citrus. Overall experience was great fun and at the end we got free soap samples. :]
Mine was called 'ginger bear' and smells soft and gingerbready.. Quick + Fresh + Vegan (super cheap) options!

Had spicy chickpea wraps + kale salad for $16 at the AIRPORT! 

Would love to see this at LAX!!. Gorgeous place! Was there for Hogmanay while all the Christmas decorations were up. Just lotsa pretty going on here. And it used to be a bank! How awesome is that? I was served the best Cosmopolitan I've ever had the pleasure to sip, hands down. Amazing stuff. Next time I'm around, this will be the FIRST place I visit instead of the last.. Wish this place was closer to Chandler! The staff is great always friendly, the tea is always amazing. I always get a regular thai tea and its always the best I've had, compares to Sno in Phoenix. Not all boba tea is created equal but this place is pretty damn close!. What I like about Windsor is its unpretentious style. At the same time it has a great style, great decor for a small neighborhood restaurant. I like that they have smaller portions (right portions.. don't be afraid you will leave hungry). Patio is nice and interior is connected with Churn- a place where you get your cookies, ice cream and some fun stuff. I really like the bar area. It is large and old fashion in the good sense of the word. what I would like to see at Windsor is seasonal menu. changing 4 times a year. After eating there 10 times you kind of run out of options.. Can't believe I've waited this long to visit since it's so close to my abode, but this place is going to be seeing alot of me! From the fist-bump at the drive thru window to the amazingly fresh slider and fries I ate, everything was a perfect 10. I got a porky slider with sweet potato fries and a soda. The porky slider was always sold out when I caught up with the slider truck so I had to try it out. The meat was so moist and smoky while the jalapeno relish added a spicy bite. The fries were crispy, fresh and plentiful. It was a great fast food experience altogether and I can't wait to go back and try more things.. We searched high and low for the best truck out there and came to the conclusion the Dodge 2500 Cummings Diesel was the one to buy. Mike Harding, Ace, and Victoria were top notch. Enjoyed every step of buying our new truck!  Thanks guys for making the buying experience a good one!. Danielle was wonderful. She listened to what I wanted and did a great job with my hair.. Lawry's is the go to place if you want to step back in time and have a spectacular meal. You may be saying, prime rib is prime rib but the experience here gives it that extra kick! The meal can be a bit pricey, but you definitely get your money's worth and don't leave hungry. We decided to visit during restaurant week and it was the best decision. Prime rib and lobster tail along with a dessert for $50 per person! You can't beat that, we enjoyed every minute. It's definitely not an everyday meal but it's also not just for special occasions. We love it here and will continue to go for many years!!. We got some mold on the dry wall next to the shower tub. Scott come in did a great job

1, After I send him the photo, he give me a quick estimate, and give me some tips. 
2, He came in the very next Monday, and did a clean and quick job. 
3, He explain to us what to do to prevent it happen again. 

My experience with Scott is very happy and satisfied, he is professional, fast, patient, very fair price.  I am very glad I fix the problem so fast.. First look and you think augh how good can this place be after all it's next to an auto parts store.  Well let me tell you it is bar far the best Sushi.  I visit RA a lot because my friend live close by, but then I found Sushi Ave. on a dining reward program and I don't go anywhere else!!  They are attentive, the sushi is FRESH, the plum sangria is amazing, the price is very good compared to how much food you get.  Well worth the visit!!!  If you go often you also get your own set of chop stix which they clean and store up front for the next time you come.  LOVE LOVE LOVE Sushi Ave.!!!!  The only negative thing I might say is the chairs make a horrible noise scraping on the floor every time you move.. Kann ich nur wärmstens weiter empfehlen!!!
War bei meinem ersten Besuch in Edinburgh mit zwei Freundinnen dort, es gab eine verdammt große & leckere Portion Porridge mit dunkler Schoki und Chili, dazu eine heiße Schoki mit MarshmallowsYUMMY!!!
Bin immer noch total begeistert!!!
Wollte bei meinem zweiten Besuch mit meinem Freund wieder dort hin, nur leider waren sie grad am Umbauen
aber, ich komme wieder!!! Mein Fazit zu diesem kleinen Laden: Nettes Ambiente, nettes Personal
und super Essen & Getränke. I love their Pad-See-Ew so much! I love when noodle dishes have a 50/50 split between noodles and veggies/meat. So delicious!  Also the pineapple curry with salmon is a really unique treat that I can't stop ordering. La's is my favorite spot for Thai take out.. Amazing

REALLY AMAZING

And there are no bad seats in the house. We spent $120 for our tickets, buying them 2 hours before the 930 show. We sat in the back portion and the centermost left area, and the seats were g-r-e-a-t. The stage and set up was real cool. Their ability to jump around - phenomenal. The vertical stage - really amazingly cool. Running around the gerbil thingie - craziness. I was amazed and the $120 was well spent. Highly recommended.. This is my go-to place for a wide variety of fabrics at super cheap prices!! LOVE it - I've had some great customer experience and also a not so helpful experience but can't beat the prices!!! I always come back!. Fun times on the high roller! 
This attraction is very cool! You get a fabulous view of Las Vegas! There is even a pod that has a bartender and serves alcohol/drinks! It worth the extra few bucks, you can easily down 3 drinks if you want too... I brought my own on, they also will let you do that if its in a plastic cup! I liked the  video tour guide,  he was quite funny but I wouldn't recommend buying the High Roller souvenir drinking-pod-cup with straw, though it looks really cool, the cap doesn't seal and it leaks like crazy!. Donut Mania located on Durango is a hidden gem. We drove across town after reading reviews on another donut vision quest that never seems to be fulfilled. 
We arrived around 10 am in a Sunday and there was a small line getting their orders of sweet, fluffy treats. 
We got a bakers dozen (not sure why because we never eat them all). We selected a couple glazed cake donuts, a Oreo cheesecake donut, banana creme donut, a couple vanilla sprinkle, chocolate creme bar, apple fritter, and a Nutella cronut. 
The cake glazed were my favorite, light and airy with a slight crunch on the outside, the vanilla sprinkles were good, but were puffy donuts versus the more sense cake I thought they were. The Oreo cheesecake was mentioned as being very good, and the apple fritter chalked full of cinnamon apple chunks was goo for a couple bites, but the thick glaze in the outside was overpowering. The Nutella cronut was different I heard from the peanut gallery surrounding the pink box, but good. 
I am still on the vision quest..... I just moved to Charlotte and have been researching groomers for my PBGV. I read many reviews on many establishments in the area and based on all the positive feedback I decided to pay Modern Pet Salon a visit yesterday. I felt very comfortable with everyone there and could see they all LOVE dogs and love what they do so I knew my furry daughter would be in good hands. I took her in for her first grooming this morning and as I expected, they did a fabulous job. Thanks to Danielle for her expert cutting/grooming skills and thanks to all the other ladies there for showing my girl so much love and attention. I've already passed their business card on to a neighbor! I definitely will return to this salon and will continue referring them to anyone looking for a quality, caring groomer.. The food was fantastic. Me and my boyfriend went and enjoyed the food greatly. He said, "I only wish they had more food." I'm only giving four stars because although the foods was good and our waitress fantastic, I've been here before and know it can take some time to get your food; other than that this place is great. Divert ask me about their alcohol though, because I don't drink. They did seem to have a large selection available however.. Just in time! *punny*

If you are looking for a clock, you have got to come by this place. It's lined from top to bottom, wall to wall full of shelf, table, wall, chirping, ticking clocks. 

I didn't come in for a clock, but batteries. Three battery replacements for watches for a total of $24.48. Same day service. Dropped them off over the lunch hour, picked them up at the end of the day. I could have waited maybe 30-45 minutes and gotten them back, but if there is no one in front of you, I'm sure the service is even faster. What a deal! Forget jewelers from here on out, I'll save some money and save some time by going here.. We always get good service here. I don't remember her name but we usually have the blonde waitress and even when its busy she keeps it handled. 

Mom and I usually get the steak special but I haven't had anything bad here.  I have tried the chicken fingers, potato skins, breakfasts and brownie dessert. Everything has been a win so far! The prices are good and I never leave hungry. 

This is one of my preferred bars to munch at. :). Even though it was very humid outside the crowd still seemed like they were having a great time! I'm not really a big baseball fan so the game was ok...all I really know is that the Knights lost, but hey the music got the crowd involved and after the game there were fireworks...which for me totally made the night worth it. 

Parking was $4 and the food was reasonable (for ball park food)...would I go again....sure becuase it makes for a fun night out!. My favorite seafood place in Pittsburgh. You will not be disappointed !! It's super healthy and everything is fresh. I have had and love the English style cod, blackened tilapia, pa ave fish salad with shrimp, crab tacos, you name it... Love this place!!. The food here is super good. The Macho Molcajete was delish! The salsa in the dish is tasty and hot! On the weekends they have live music- grupo of four guys. Cold beers good food and  tunes - Great Vegas  trip! Will definitely be back!. I can't get over how much cheaper they are!! I did the same thing where I went to a ton of different spots shopping for furniture and ended up with the best deals at Pruitts. 

This update is about their hold policy, I love it! I move into my house in 1 month so I took advantage of their layway. You pay 10% of the cost and they hold it for up to 3 months. If you change your mind, it doesn't fit right, or anything- you get your money back! 

Also, Ashley Furniture currently has a bedroom and office set that I love, Pruitt's doesn't carry it but looked into the price to order it for me. Pruitt's is getting it to me for less than I can directly from Ashley. 

I LOVE Pruitts. 

PS- they currently have a 3 piece cherry queen sleighbed special for $500! and I got my 7 piece formal dining set for a whopping $800. I dare you to try and beat it. 

I will be buying my new king bedroom furniture, new mattress, dining set, and office set from Pruitts, they will deliver and set up everything for $50.

my current couch, swivel love seat thing, and mattress are from pruitts as well. love them and had them for a few years now w no probs.


*update- i added pics of the furniture in the new place, it goes great wherever you go and it's sturdy enough to make it through a move, haha. excuse the messy boxes*. Stopped by twice on my latest trip to Vegas.  Still as good as ever!. Jason the bartender was amazing! His drinks were delicious and he was attentive in his service; we never had to flag him down, he always asked us before our drinks were done if we needed another. Will absolutely come back! Def recommend the sidecar. Do you have a Volvo? Well what are you waiting for?! Go see Dave, He's amazing and I will never go anywhere else. Friendly, knowledgeable and reliable staff. Stop Thinking about it and go, you won't regret it.. another neat Yelp find. I've been craving a really good croissant and figured I could find one here. not only did I find a (pricey) flaky buttery moist croissant, but some pretty amazing cookies too. the 3.75 price tag on the croissant seemed pretty steep to me but it was very good. 

the cookies (2.25) were great. they have a salted chocolate something cookie and a double chocolate chip cookie. the salted one was alright but the double chocolate was fabulous. have some water on hand or better yet a cold glass of milk :) this cookie is dark, dense, rich, thick and definitely not to sweet - I'm hooked.

basque cake (5.00): never had this before and didn't know what to expect. we tried the plain one and I'm still not sure about it. I want to try the raspberry one before I pass judgment. for sure the thing was moist and buttery but it had a salty aftertaste and crumbly texture that I don't think I liked together. like I said - never had one before so I have no idea what to compare it to. 

macarons, tarts, pies and many more treats line their counter and display case. 

they also have a great artisanal gelato display with super interesting flavors and combinations as well as crazy nitrogen frozen toppings (think molecular gastronomy here - mad scientist meets creative chef doing amazing things in their kitchen)

super yummy treats served up in a nice modern minimalist space. definitely worth trying out. we'll certainly be returning.. Friendly staff and great beds. SO GOOD. I had wanted to try this place for a couple years and finally made the trip, and I'm glad I did. They don't take reservations, so you may have to wait a while to get in. We showed up on a Thursday around 5pm and were told there would be a 30 minute wait - we actually got in within about 15 minutes. Just grab a beer and wait in line, cuz it's worth it! 

The servers were very friendly and informative. They bring the drinks menu on an iPad, which  is kind of annoying - you have to pass it around your table because they only bring one. Are paper menus not cool anymore? Yeesh. Nevertheless, my cocktail was delish.

The burgers are all in the region of $15, and sides are ordered separately (regular fries are $8). I HIGHLY recommend the onion rings. I ordered the Uber Cheese Burger, which was awesome but probably not the BEST burger of all time. Everyone else at my table also loved their burgers.

Then, the dessert. The 'shakes' are amazing. Super thick ice cream with glorious toppings, depending on which one you order (my chocolate shake involved a 2-inch layer of toffee). They're almost impossible to finish, but you gotta try.

All in all this was a great semi-casual dining experience - one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas.. I've been here quite a few times, and it's consistently good food and drinks. We've been downtown a couple times for Taco Tuesday. I can't get enough of those tacos, seriously! 

My friend and I recently spent the night bar-hopping, and found the bartenders at Park to be the friendliest around. We were agonizing over which beer to buy, and the bartender gave us tasters and took really good care of us. 

The patio is cool and fun, especially if you anticipate you'll be spending a while here.. This is my first time at this location, and it seems like a pretty well staffed and organized store.
I especially loved their 50% off Hanukkah sale today.  Not many people around town carry Hanukkah items, so thank you Michaels for recognizing the needs of the Jewish people.  This made my holiday experience so much better and shopping easier.. The best one out of the three we went to. I would say if you are going to a show go to tix4tonight, and the buy the discount rate on the show and for 2 dollars you can get the discount rate for the buffet. There was a nice selection service was fast. Crab legs and some good sushi. It's a little busy but not crazy. The only thing is it's off the strip which kind of stinks but if you want seafood I would try it.. This is the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband.  It's a wonderful experience going there and it won't totally bankrupt you.  Their wines are always amazing.  I'm one of these wine snobs who is also totally ignorant about wine.  I know a good one when I taste it, but can never seem to remember the names and years.  Anyway, the waiters here always hook me up and it's very romantic and lovely.  I haven't been since they moved to downtown CHampaign, are they a tapas place now????. LOVE this store.  It's especially fun to look for interesting ethnic food items.  There is a selection of sample sized items as well which is nice when you want to try something new in a smaller size.   Join their rewards program and you will often receive discounts.. Definitely a feast of the eyes and taste buds!!! The Aria location is just like nothing you have ever seen. Delicious chocolates, desserts, crepes and paninis... I will come back and try every single one they have... This is what you call love.... xoxo. Super tasty!!  I'm so excited that another asian place opened up in Phoenix--usually you'd see something like this in Chandler...but I'm so stoked that it's in my hood!  I tried the taro with almond pudding and sesame topping.  Mmmmm...delicious!  It's hot in Arizona, go get some SNOH!. Me and the boyfriend celebrated a late Valentines day dinner here. We made reservations for Saturday at 6pm and arrived a bit early and was promptly seated as soon as we walked in. The hostess wasn't very friendly and took her awhile to find my name on the reservations chart. I figured it was busy and she was probably having a bad day so I let it fly.....  

We got seated in the back away from the bar, it was very quiet and dark and they had about 3-4 flat screen TV's playing on a large brick wall. Our waiter came over quickly and took our drink orders and he was very professional and gave us a great description of their specials that night. We had already looked at the menu beforehand so we put in our order right away. Our drinks came fast and prompt and we were given a basket of complimentary sourdough bread. It was DELICIOUS! nice and warm and crunchy....so far, so good.  I was really digging the atmosphere, I thought it would be loud and rowdy being that we were seated so close to the Hogs & Heffers bar right next door, but surprisingly it was quite romantic.

We ordered house salad's to start, they were fantastic. I am kind of a salad snob and was very pleased. I loved that they served it with a thin sliced cucumber instead of thick round pieces, the croutons were delish and the ranch dressing was very very good. I almost licked the plate LOL!

Soon after we got our main entree's,  I decided to try the Seafood Cioppino and it was amazing!  you def. get what you pay for with this dish, it was huge. The seafood was very fresh (shrimp and scallops were my fave) and the tomato broth was great and went well with the baguette they serve it with. I was very pleased!  My boyfriend decided to get the Ribeye medium well. He said it was really good and came with smashed butter potatoes and vegetables. He said the smashed potatoes were the best he ever had!   We finished off the night with a slice of cheesecake with raspberry fruit topping and boy was it worth it.  I am so glad we decided to come here and cannot wait to go back and try all the other delectable items on the menu!  Triple George Grill you ROCK!  =). The place is great and the stuff is so friendly and very nice,my daughter love to go this place!! She like it and they have nice playground area!!!. Authentic. If you're looking for American sushi, go somewhere else. Only Authentics need apply here.. Oh.. mon.. dieu. Je suis au paradis. Ces petites tartelettes me font oublier tout régime ou envie d'un 6 pack.  Nous étions un grand groupe à commander 2 à 3 chaque, donc nous avons fini par tous les essayer. Ils étaient tous bons!  Bref, les filles, ces tartelettes sont aussi efficaces que du Nutella en situation de crise et les mecs, achetez-nous ces tartelettes!. Large portions, great for family and friends but not a place to go to when you're alone. My friends and I went here in February 2011 for one of our friends' 18th birthday. Before we all met up, I decided to check the place out first and asked if they had any special giveaways to birthday celebrants. The hostess took down my name and the celebrant's name saying they had just the right surprise in mind for him. 

Upon entering, you'll see antler chandeliers hanging from the ceiling which I thought brought in a very American vibe. We ordered the Widow-maker burger with a side of macaronni and cheese. My galpal and I shared the burger and you could only assume how big it was by now because none of us were able to finish our portions. Another friend ordered the club sandwich set and another one ordered the chicken souffle (I forgot what it was called) It all tasted great and had us stuffed.

By the time our waiter noticed that we were done, he lighted a candle and placed it on a red velvet muffin, egging us to sing a birthday song for our friend - which kind of embarrased him, not that it mattered. We were all happy campers and if another opportunity arises in the future, I would take a large group of people with me for a day out to lunch.. We used WK for my daughter's 2nd birthday party.  We rented a bouncy house, two kids tables and 12 kids chairs.  I'd happily recommend them to anyone.  They called the day before to confirm, they showed up early and set up the bouncy house just as I asked.  They even left it a little longer than we'd anticipated so my daughter was able to very happily use it again the next day before it was picked up.  I'd use WK again in the future.. Javier best server we have had in a long time. Restaurant was jam packed.  Super friendly and polite. We would recommend this restaurant to all.  Wow we just got our food!!! 7 minutes. Thanks Cocos.. Friendly helpful service. Great food! Open til 1am. Love the brisket, chicken lettuce wraps, noodles & the broccoli! Always come here when I'm in Vegas!. I went in to get a mani-pedi today. This was my first time at Budda Bar Nail Spa and I have to say it was GREAT! I had Bee and her attention to detail was very much so appreciated.  She was very friendly and knew exactly what I wanted and checked in with me regularly to make sure I was happy with her work. I will definitely be back and I will recommend this place to anyone. Thanks Bee, you're great!. I've been to the Los Angeles location a few times. This bar was the perfect finish to our night out in downtown Vegas. I'm a beer fan and the draft selection didn't disappoint! The vibe was hip with good music and a good looking staff (young tattooed babes for sure) I also really loved the dark castle-like aesthetic too.. Made me feel like a midcentury badass ;). Terrific place! Two words: Chai Latte. Delicious! Best coffee drink I've ever had. The Clucker breakfast sandwich is awesome too.  Eggs, ham (or bacon or sausage) and cheese on a bagel is elevated to sublime by juicy tomato and peppery arugula. We have also gotten ice cream there.  The mint chocolate chip was very tasty with nice delicate mint flavor. 

Overall, a very cute place with exceptional coffee and food!. I've tried a lot of sushi places in Vegas never thought that the one around the block is the best there is!!!! No doubt my new fav place... Im sushi fanatic and i will recommend this place without thinkig twice i lv it the service the food amazing everything about it!!!!!!. Stopped in for a beer and dinner.  I everything was ridiculously delicious. The beer, the wings, the artichoke dip and a burger.  The service was awesome and the beer was unique and tasty.  I will be back to try a flight. Very excited about AZ Wilderness Company!. I have been here twice and both times I had the time of my life! The bartenders all have incredible voices. everyone in the audience sings along to a variety of songs and genres. The drinks are good and cheap. I love this place!. OMG!!!!  I was in desperate need of a makeover - I had not had my hair professionally done since last October and had been wearing it in a natural hairstyle since February of this year.  I searched Yelp as I am new to the Las Vegas area and had no clue as to where to turn.  I'll admit I was a bit skeptical because of the so-so rating but my fears were completely unfounded.  I called and was transferred to Mary who told me she could take me if I were to come right away.  

Five minutes later, I was in her very capable hands.  I stated I wanted highlights, two tracks added in and a wash and press.  After looking at the disaster that was my 'do, Mary washed me out to remove the built-up product I had in my hair, thus ensuring my highlights would take.  After checking to make sure I was okay w/ the color, she washed and conditioned me before blowing my hair dry.  I was then braided up for the two tracks I wanted added for just a little volume.  She flat-ironed my now-straightened hair, then expertly styled me.  I was sooooo pleased with the results and will DEFINITELY be going back to visit my new stylist!!!!


To the person who had a less-than-stellar experience, I recommend you see Mary!!!!. Very tasty seafood, which was served in a plastic bag all mixed together, that you dump on the table and just dig into. Wait staff was attentive, we were greeted by the hostess and sat right away, all in all a pretty good experience.. Just went to this Fry's today. I normally go to the one on Dysart but I think this will be my new grocery stop! Super clean. Stocked. GREAT health food section. They have fresh sushi, a fresh soup and salad bar and a ton of ready made meals for quick dinner options. Not to mention baby clothes, toys and outdoor stuff. Sale items are stocked and everyone was extremely friendly! Seriously, I'm in supermarket heaven.. Food was great. Service was not only friendly but fast.  We will definitely be going back there soon.. Love this place! They have delicious pizza.  The meat and cheese sampler plates are delectable.  I have been here at least a dozen times since the first time I tried it.  For a pizza place they are a little on the high end, but the atmosphere and product are great.  The lunch special and the happy hour are a great way to try the place on the cheap ($5 for pizza during happy hour).  This is one place that I keep in my restaurant rotation.. These guys totally make up for the other slow locations in Vegas!

First off, Ian made some killer recommendations on a apple turkey club and their seasonal cranberry smoothie. The sandwich looked exactly like the picture and was amazing. It tasted like something my mom would make with Thanksgiving leftovers. The cranberry smoothie was super light but still festive tasting - loved it.

Ian even came out and asked us later how we liked his recommendations, which I thought was pretty above and beyond. We really thought the service here was amazing. You guys are restoring my faith in Tropical Smoothie. I'll probably drive out of my way to come to this location again!!!!. Great experience! Very easy to use this promoter. Would recommend for anyone going to vegas soon!. Another amazing experience at The Parlor! 
As usual was pleasantly  greeted and asked if I needed anything.  Waited comfortably in the front "parlor", listened to incredible music.
After a couple of minutes Randie brought me to her chair where she listened attentively to what I wanted to do with my hair. As it was a totally new look, from shoulder length bob to a short cut , she spent time go over some details ...... 
She did an incredible job with the cut and even styled it three different ways to show me some options. 
Love the cut! Love Randie! 
I highly recommend her and The Parlor!. I love their super thin chips and the salsa is great. The food is good for a chain and the service is terrific.

I love their guacamole cream and their flan and Tres Leche is to die for!. I had the veal medallions with morel fricassee. The veal was tender and lean, and well-flavored with the morel saute. My boyfriend ordered the rabbit dish. It was my first time tasting rabbit, and am now turned on to it. 

The cost is heavy on the wallet, but most places are in Vegas. But here you receive a meal with a view. And meanwhile, you can play pretend that you're dining in France ;). Grown up coffee!!! Barriques wins over Starbucks any day!!! Good coffee, great atmosphere and friendly customer service!!. Frankly, I think this joint has a darn good Sunday brunch. Interesting, fun combos of flavors. Bonus on the spiked drinks...second glass is free and you can order one of the other selections. Sweet. Fun decor and our server gets a thumbs up. The chicken and waffle sandwich was yummy and also good deconstructed with a great sweet sauce for dipping. Strawberry glazed mini donuts were a hit and my fav. If wasn't so stuffed would have had a second order for dessert.. My class was about to graduate so we went down the street to Poutineville to celebrate. They offered free beer to me because I called to make a reservation for a large group (I don't drink beer so I got a nutella pizza dessert instead, yum!)

They give you a menu where you check the boxes off for your choices, and for the amount of people we were, the food came quite fast. Service was excellent, food was amazing, everything went very well. It's a little pricey but you get a lot of poutine.. I live near by Ginza Sushi, and have been wanting to try it. But I have to say the exterior had held me at bay. Well Friday night a friend and I took the plunge!  The sushi was very good. The menu was a little limited on fresh rolls.... I felt..... But everything we ordered was fresh and yummy. I typically do not like to eat "all you can eat" sushi, but I would gladly come here again.. Love this place. I always have great happy memories here (and I am slightly biased because I usually win here). Though I will disclose, I haven't ever stayed in the hotel. ~ Blackjack dealer Harry Stauffer is such a good time. I highly recommend you sit on his table for solid entertainment. Thanks Harry.. So good!! The soups are delicious, the curries are incredible, and the desserts are really good! I love the menus themselves, just beautiful.. We've been here before and had a great experience, so when friends were in from out of town, we decided to take them here.
The staff is always friendly and helpful, especially if you have questions about the menu or would like the staff's opinion on a food or drink. The atmosphere is cute, lots of Mexican decor. The prices are good for the quantity and quality of food. Free chips with salsa and bean dip is always a plus. The salsa isn't the best so I stick with the beans.
On this time around we decided to share the Carne Fajitas de Res, love the hand made tortillas. The steak was a bit sparse, I was wishing we didn't share, just not enough for the 2 of us. But it was good. 
On other occasions we have got the Camarones Abuelito Timo, a delicious and flavorful...Shrimp stuffed with cheese and peppers, wrapped in bacon with a spicy mayo dipping sauce. I think they created this just for me. My husband loves to get the 
Enchiladas de Mole con Carne, perfectly cooked New York steak with cheese enchiladas all smothered in mole sauce.  All of there mixed drinks are well made. 
My friends ate every bite of their meals as well and said they loved it.
As we sat there we said " we need to come here more often".  Sounds like a good idea!. me encanta la comida!!!!!  mejor que otros si!!!......... I need to update my review because I was so specific in the original and some things have changed. I still love Humble Pie but they changed the fries and I don't like them. The pizzas are still delicious -- these days I especially like the one with leeks and pistachios -- and the veggie salad still rules (although there have been times it has been overdressed). Humble pie is definitely in the pizza rotation! 

Also, still a great place to drink wine with half off bottles on Mondays or $5/glass until 6 p.m. everyday! Not to mention the prices are still beyond reasonable even when it's not happy hour!. Ramen lovers (which is pretty much anyone with a mouth, right?), Itsy Bitsy is a must. 

The atmosphere is chic and dark. Exquisite odd ball art hangs on the walls and the music sets the scene for a uber hip experience. 

The menu is easy to navigate and full of options without overwhelming. Our hostess and server were engaged and excited to be there. The wait time for our order was less than I expected, especially for a new joint.

If you like a cocktail, get the Sake To Me. It's like summer in a glass...and it packs a sneaky punch. We got pork potstickers (awesome) and each got a different ramen combo. The broths are so clean and light! The noodles were perfectly done- not mushy. All of the add ins completed the soup perfectly- I have a new favorite in the soy cured egg. We finished with all of the Mochi flavors...light and just the right amount of sweet. According to the server, everything is made in house- and they nailed it.. I took my mom and my aunts to afternoon tea service recently.  Served in the lobby tea court, we were seated near the hotel entrance.  I wished I had thought to request a nice window seat when making the reservation, but it was still a lovely setting.  The pianist was a nice touch as well.

For $36 per person, the tea includes a variety of finger sandwiches, scones, and desserts...oh, and tea.  There is also an option for champagne ($45?), but we declined.  And let's face it, an afternoon with relatives is more likely to require bourbon, rather than champagne.  Just kidding mom (she may be trolling my reviews).  There's a nice tea selection, and everyone gets their own pot (of tea that is).  Also, rather than the tiered trays, your server will offer you each course.  First up were the tea sandwiches (chicken salad, egg salad, smoked salmon, English cucumber, and asparagus with garlic herb mousse).  Surprisingly, my favorite was the asparagus.  Not surprisingly my least favorite was the cucumber.  Cucumber + white bread = bland in my book.  BTW, in case you think afternoon tea should be a full, gut-exploding meal, you can have as many as you want.  Second course were scones-plain and cranberry-served with the expected lemon curd, strawberry jam, and cream.  And if that's not sweet enough for you, the final course is a variety of mini desserts.  By then, even I could not manage to sample one of everything, but I tried.

My only criticism is that a few things were not quite as polished as I would have expected.  The server spilled some of the tea as she was setting one of the pots down (certainly understandable and forgivable), and my aunt's teacup was not quite clean (not as excusable) and she had to request another.  

But overall, a very nice afternoon.  And since it was my mom's birthday, they brought her an assortment of cookies to take home and the pianist played Happy Birthday (several times in fact, so I'm not quite sure who it was for).. Gorgeous hotel! Love the mordern touches and the in room technology!  The price per night is pretty standard within the other 5 star hotels on the strip. Casino made me some money, so I was happy.
This bed was quite possibly the most comfortable bed I've slept in while in Vegas.
Their 24 hour restaurant is horrible and overpriced. I mean, incredibly overpriced with only a few options. I could have eaten better food at a Denny's. I didn't try their room service but hopefully that 24 hour option is better than Cafe Vettro. Aside from that, their hotel is lovely and the tram to Crystals/Monte Carlo/Bellagio made it nicer than walking outside in the desert heat. I'll be back.. Always wanted to try this place and I'm so glad I did! The service has been great and, of course, bottomless Mimosas are wonderful! The food was very good. I had the breakfast enchiladas and they were some of the best I've had! My husband had the huevos rancheros, which were just as good. His only two minor complaints ware there are no toothpicks at the bloody mary bar to put his goodies on, so all his accouterments fell to the bottom of the glass. Also, the menus on their website need to be updated. He was looking forward to a corned beef hash listed on the online menu, but it was removed some time ago. Overall great experience and we will be back!. We've been going here for years. Love the food (Happy Family is a favorite dish) and appreciate the community service outreach. Great to support locals who support the community ... and dish up great food along the way.. It's like Cheers.  Everyone knows my name.  I get a bi-monthly manicure and monthly pedicure here.  I had a guy there give me a pedicure once, but he sucked.  Now, I ask for Helen.  When I call, my name must pop up on caller ID because the owner, Trina, answers "Hi Amy".  How cool is that???
If you want a GREAT pedicure, treat yourself to the delux.  You're worth it, and so am it.
Ask for Helen.  She rocks!. Love the atmosphere.  Its best to get their late in the afternoon when the Bellagio fountains go off and stay to watch the sun go down as the lights of The Strip come on.. Bumping this up to 5 stars.  My second time here is almost 2 years after Custom Built opened, woops!  That shows you how often I go to the west side.  My friend Nicole B.'s birthday is Tuesday and she gets married next weekend, so I decided to chill with her while her husband-to-be had his bachelor party which included Eric R.'s presence.  NIcole B. wanted pizza - she was interested in trying something new.  I suggested Custom Built - she got the groupon and we walked around the North Premium Outlets for 3 hours in preparation for dinner!

When we arrived, there was no wait which was great because we were starving.  I ordered the regular crust, spicy diavola sauce and a few dabs of pistachio pesto, ricotta, buffalo and shredded mozzarella...and then here comes the veggies!  Fresh tomatoes, artichokes, jalapenos, caramelized onions, eggplant...then I added chicken.  They added a fried egg on top after cooking the pizza, then I asked for the toppings that are added after the pizza is cooked: fresh spinach, basil, green onions, cilantro, and sundried tomatoes.  It was truly a work of art.  It was cut into 8 slices this time rather than 4 like when I first got here.  Nicole B. ordered the honey wheat crust for hers and she really liked it.  I got a Mexican coke and we ordered the s'mores pizza.  Since it was Nicole's birthday, it was "on the house"!  The staff here was SOOOOO nice!

When our pizzas came out hot and delicious, I was so excited.  Mine held up.  I do like the thicker crust because it allows for tons of toppings.  At Project Pie the crust was thinner and fewer toppings were recommended because the crust got wet while cooking.  This is not the case here.  We polished off our entire pizzas (no easy feat, seriously) and then chatted for awhile before asking the staff to fire up our dessert.  When it arrived, our mini pizza was delivered smelling amazing.  It was smeared with nutella and marshmallows that had a nice brown color on top.  It was heavenly.  I really am impressed and am somewhat relieved this is on the other side of town or I may be eating here too often.  Luckily, we still have a groupon so hopefully Eric R. and I will be back soon!  However, this was great for a girls night out!. Love Zabas..... way better than Chipotle. .... I goto the one on South Durango. .... all I can say is yummy!. Friendly service. Tasty cupcakes and probably the best iced tea in town and anywhere! Good place to work. Free wifi.. I had already heard great things about this place. My friends have gone for acoustic sessions held in this same cafe, I hope to visit on one of those days because live acoustic music is the only thing missing from my experience there! The coffee was delicious and so was my breakfast croissant. The feel is busy but relaxing to sit in at the same. With great areas to work in or lounge at plush a small meeting room this coffee shop is a great place for a Sunday drive.. Loved their Squash with cheese pupusas! Honesty when it come down to authentic salvadorian food you must try them here! Beside they are huge and I easily get stuffed with 2! Try them and to drink make sure to try their kolachampan (salvadorian soda) I so recommend for you guys to try them out!. Just came in to get a mattress and it was simple and pain free. They were super friendly and easy to deal with.  Amazing prices. I thought i was going to pay double what I paid. I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. Highly recommend them :)). Chandler Dogs pet sit for our two dogs, one of which is epileptic. They fed them, refreshed their water, and gave medication with no fuss. They even gave us email updates while we were out of town! Very professional. I give them 5 stars for customer service!. This hotel was amazing...the best part was the staff. I can't thank them enough for being so attentive and accommodating. The location was perfect, close to everything. The room was wonderful, the prices were reasonable for the location, and I just loved everything about it. Will stay there again!. My mom and I were visiting the Strip District and most of our destinations were on Smallman St, so we ended up walking past this place when the door was open. And anyone who's ever done that before can tell you, it takes real willpower to not run directly in. It smells AMAZING. Probably because this place is about as big as a broom closet, so they're practically baking them on the street. But, hey -- I guess little donuts can be made in a little store. 

The line moved quickly and the guy at the register was polite and friendly. We got in there right before they closed up for the day, which was around 2 PM -- so thank goodness we made our way back on time. The donuts are all cake and range from laid-back staples like plain and chocolate-covered, to the crazy concoctions like Samoa, Maple Bacon or the new and delicious Raspberry Chocolate Mocha. They taste exactly like they smell -- warm and soft on the inside, crispy on the outside, and just the perfect amount of sweetness. 

Yeah, they were a little expensive, but I see this as a novelty and a treat. If you want cheap donuts everyday, head to Dunkin Donuts. If you want to give yourself a tiny treat now and then, this place is fantastic.. Let me set the scene for you.... 

Here it is pouring out. You walk in drenched. You sit at one of those old school checkered booths. Depressing indie music is playing in the background. Regulars are greeted by the bartender and served up their usual drink. I felt like I was in an indie movie! 

So in real time, the place has CHEAP happy hour deals! $2 Yuenglings and $4 mixed concoctions. Yesterday was the Presbyterian. It was a mix of Bourbon, Ginger Ale and Soda Water. Not my cup of tea....but maybe someones...perhaps?? 

The grand jewel of the place is the mac n' cheese. I kept hearing these tales of the most delicious mac n' cheese you will ever feast on. Of course I had to get it! When it came out it looked like the real deal homemade version! Slightly burnt top layer of cheesy goodness. Inside a gooey noodly mixture of cheese, with a strong pepper flavoring. I believe when there was no more noodles to be found, there may have been some bowl licking. For real, that good! 

It was sad but kinda funny because a family of four came in with some small children. They wanted to come because they had heard the 
mac n' cheese was so good. Well, it's considered a straight bar so they weren't allowed in with children under 18. The mom was like, I called earlier, it's the kids birthday! Too bad....they may have had to settle for some easy mac!. Food is really good. Meats are really tender and juicy. Great service too. Will definitely come back for more... I hope this makes it to Avis at the airport where Chris Naguit made our day.  We were stuck in commute traffic and not going to make our flight when we dropped off our car.  I said something about the traffic and Chris inquired how soon our flight was. - we only had 50 minutes to get to the airport as we had to check our bags.  He said "oh that wont work, you won't make it.  Hold on a minute" - he told a co-worker he'd be right back and tossed our bags back into the car and took us himself.   He was right, we arrived with no time to spare but we arrived!  What a great asset this 20 year employee is to Avis!. This is my fav Denny's and go to restaurant for breakfast! Everyone is so friendly and anxious to please. I love the 2-4-6 dollar choices. For $4 you can get 2 eggs, bacon and pancakes. If you are an AARP member you can get $1 coffee with the usual refills. Sweet! Denny's does it right! Thank you for brightening my day today. Sat with a friend and really enjoyed showing her my Denny's!. This is absolutely the best pizza I have ever eaten in Las Vegas! If you're local and you live away from the strip it's worth the drive! Words cannot describe how delicious the pizza is, gourmet all the way! If you're just visiting Las Vegas, this place is a must on your to do list. I'm not kidding the pizza is that good! Customer service was excellent, The girl who helped us was Nikki. She was very pleasant, very happy and
 we couldn't of asked for better service! We ordered the Joe's favorite pizza which had bacon, cheese and pepperoni ... to die for!! Do yourself a favor and try this spot, it's right across from the Hard Rock hotel & casino.. Very promising place, I'll definitely be back.

First off, be warned--they don't have a sign you can easily see from the street currently, so it's easy to miss if you don't know where you're going.

The place is HUGE so there wasn't a wait for us, and the wait staff was very nice and attentive.  It was pretty noisy where we were sitting even though the place wasn't full; it seems noise bounces around pretty well inside, so it can be hard to hear the person you're eating with.  Service was fast, though, and our waitress was prompt and accommodating. 

We started with the deviled eggs, which were incredibly tasty but pricy ($1 per half-egg).  I had the Brewmaster's pizza, which was huge and delicious, with melty gouda, buttery onions, and lots of meat for only $11.  The house salad had a nice peppery dressing on it, and the tomatoes and croutons were tasty.  

Unfortunately, my dad has a garlic allergy, and this place tosses garlic into EVERYTHING so that made most of the menu inedible for him.  He was unimpressed with the steak he ended up ordering (out of the 3-4 menu items he could have gotten)--ordered it medium well, asked the waitress for it to be pink but not bloody, and got a well-done, completely brown steak that tasted like liver.  He was disappointed.

Desserts were great--the bread pudding got demolished, and the chocolate stout ice cream sandwiches were more than I could handle.  The ice cream really does taste like a dark chocolate stout, so if you're not a stout lover DO NOT get these--I loved them but they're incredibly rich and not sweet at all, so if you're expecting a typical ice cream sandwich you'll be disappointed.

Overall a good experience, although I won't take my Dad back, and I'd be very specific if you're getting meat cooked to order--it's not worth $20 for a steak that isn't cooked the way you've asked for it.. There aren't many vegetarian choices in the mall so I was excited to try this place. I got a spicy chicken wrap. It was fresh and tasted really good. The meatless chicken was not the best I've ever had, but that was probably just a personal preference. They have options for just about any type of eater here. The waitress was very friendly and helped me with my questions. Next time I will try the desserts.. Finally a taste of green! Samosas and sauce perfectly on point. Curry bowl with pan noodles and veggies was deeeelicous, but I will add mushrooms and maybe chicken next time :) ordered online, supa speedy quick nomnomnomies ^_^. They carry POG juice!!! [A Hawai'i favorite] 
The atmosphere is pleasant and the food really is fresh and easy. The pork ribs are great especially when on sale for $3.99 and I love how they have all the extras in a ready container [ex: lettuce, tomatoes and onions in a container ready for hamburgers] I love this place!. Met the girls here for lunch - it was super convenient to get to and I love the new skinnylicious menu.  Lots of yummy options and, while I didnt have it, it even includes a low carb cheesecake.  Seared tuna salad for one of us, Greek salad for one, and grilled turkey burger with side salad for me.  All very good.. Yum! Loved it! We originally were supposed to be taking my mother out for a seafood dinner. Red Lobster is located near her but I wanted to try something new and different for seafood. After reading all of the reviews I got excited and decided to check this place out. At the last minute, my mother decided she didn't want to go out so my husband and I and our two sons decided to go out anyway. Upon entering, we were promptly greeted and seated. By the way, this was on a Sunday afternoon so I was not surprised that it wasn't too crowded. Our waitress was Patricia. She was very kind and attentive. She answered all of our questions and even offered suggestions since we this was our first visit. I ordered the stuffed fish and it was delicious. The portions were generous and everything came out piping hot. One of my sons ordered the stuffed shrimp and he really enjoyed it. There were generous portions of shrimp so much so that I got one, my husband grabbed one and my other son grabbed one off of his plate as well. My youngest son ordered the fried gator. We were all curious as to what this would taste like since none of us had ever had gator before. It was pretty good. He ate every last bite. The seasoned fries were very tasty as well - crispy and hot. Hubby got the seafood platter. There was so much food on his plate that yes, I snuck some of his food as well. For drinks, both of my boys just had water and I ordered the Bayou bliss. It had moscato, pineapple, peach and something else in it I can't remember but it was so good. It came in a huge mason jar and it was just right for the price. My husband just had the non-alcoholic strawberry lemonade. I don't know if it was good or not but he drink the whole thing so I guess it was. Our server was very attentive but did hover which I appreciated. I did not feel that she was rushing us out of the place. She got a good tip tonight. There were several items on the menu that looked so good and also by taking a peek at others tables nearby us I know that we will return to this place because I have to try out the other things on the menu.. I felt like I was visiting a beachside coffee shop when I went to Dutch Brothers! The employees were super friendly and made a recommendation for me since I'd never been there before. I got the white/chocolate with an extra shot and it's amazing - I will definitely visit here again anytime I'm in town. Can you open one in Vegas?!. The only criticism that I have is their ordering system. Very confusing but WORTH the frustration! The food was amazing! The al pastor is the best that I have had! Loved it!  Go NOW!!. Love this place. I live nearby so after a long day at work its nice to chill on the patio. Waitresses and bartenders are super cool! They will even come outside and get you another drink! Fun live music  not the wildest place but it is super chill and they have good food and happy hour!. By far the best printing store!!  I live in the Summerlin area and make the drive to Henderson...it's worth it!  They are very efficient and professional!. Just got my nails done wth 4 of my lady friends. Diva nails accomated the 5 of us amazingly. It went so smooth. Love this place! I've gone a few other times they've always done a great job. Thanks you guys keep it up!. Chris is knowledgeable and gets the job done quickly to get you back in the road.. Great service, delicious food and awesome atmosphere!! Must bring friends one day so they can understand that not all great food must cost a fortune..... I know nothing about computers and therefore am helpless when something goes wrong.  It's reassuring to know that Joe will fix it and will always be fair with us.  He goes above and beyond and this last time he went further than that.  We are so grateful and appreciate him very much.. My favorite hair salon!  Tare has taken care of me for years!  She is what makes Botanicals fantastic!. This place is awesome! Fun and loud, but great for a small group. They have SO many beers and wines - its wonderful. They have games to play at every seat and even some classic nintendo and sega games. SO fun! We tried one of the grilled cheeses and it was yummy but could have been better with more cheese and meat. They have a killed happy hour too.

I cant wait to take some friends there and hopefully be able to get a table with nintendo or sega!. Quite decent all-you-can-eat sushi, asian food, and dessert bar! 

I won't say the quality is as top notch as if you paid $40+ at a Japanese restaurant. But for less than $30 here you get to eat EVERYTHING. And the fish is decent quality. They have nigiri (salmon, octopus, tuna, salmon roe, tamago, inari, etc), rolls (the crunchy roll with tempura is the best!), a decent assortment of fresh salads, tempura, yakisoba, and hey, even spicy ramen  (didn't try it but looked good).

For the dessert bar, they have a chocolate fondue with fruits for dipping. The fruit itself isn't great, in fact they're on the sour side, but put them through the chocolate and it'll redeem its values. They have a small selection of bite-size cakes, ice cream, and what I consider their best dessert -- coconut pudding.

Was taken over here for lunch by a friend whose family lives around the area. Overall I am extremely satisfied with this place. The lunch price (~$17 per person) is unbeatable and I just walk out with a big full belly and a happy face!. They were amazing! I love them so much! The staff is also super nice! I especially loved my waiter, Chris. I ran out of batteries on my phone and couldn't use my Groupon, but he let me use his phone to log in and use it. He was also friendly and really fun to talk to. I love the food, it was absolutely delicious. The Omakase is perfect! My daughter and I both loved our experience there :D I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!. I actually love the studio, the feel and the energy of the studio.  I really like the variety of teachers, and I love the discount that coes with donating to the studio's food drive for PV Emergency Food Bank.. AMAZING! Love love love this place! There is not much left to say that others have not...
Consistency is always key for me when were talking about coffee and I can say that I have never had anything less than perfection every time I've visited. Love the iced americano...the espresso is delicious! :). My husband and I went here for date night last night and it did not disappoint. The service was excellent, and the food was amazing. We split the Kilt Lifter Fondue appetizer, which had amazing flavor. My husband had the Amaro Meatloaf, and before he tasted it he was questioning if $20 was to much to spend on meatloaf; but after he ate it he said that it was worth every penny, and he even loved the roasted zucchini side. I had the Porcini Filet Mignon, which was one of the best steaks I've ever had. We then split the PB&B pudding jar, which was also fantastic.

We also had a few of their drinks, and I really appreciated the fact that their drink menu is full of unique drinks you don't find at every other restaurant. My husband particularly loved The Im-Port.

The atmosphere was nice also. More dressy than your everyday dining but also not overly snooty. Like I said, all in all this was a great dining experience and I'm sure we will go back. :). Good food, reasonable price. Friendly server  and not too long of a wait after ordering. Nice ambiance, though I wasn't a huge fan of the music. We will be returning again.. By far the best buffet I have ever eaten at. If you are a seafood lover, go here. They have everything from oysters to shrimp cocktails to crab legs. For non seafood fanatics there's just about everything here: pizza, dim sum, pho, sushi, you name it, they probably have it. Their dessert section is AMAZING. By the time desserts came around, I was so full I didn't get a chance to try everything. They have macarons, crepes, gelato, strawberry dipped strawberries, beignets and so much more. My favorite parts were the oysters and the desserts. They also have really cool juice bottles you can pick up which range from strawberry to guava and they even have horchata!

My only complaint is it's a little pricey. It's almost $60 before tip but hey it's Vegas and you're eating at one of the best buffets there. There's usually a 2 hour or so wait but they have a system now where they text you so just head over to the Forum Shops or gamble during that time.. I drive from Monroe to buy my dog and cat products from Pawtique.  They have items that no one else carries.  The favorite brand of dog treats is Fresh Is Best - like their turkey heart fillets.  This way my dogs get the best treats possible and get organ meat in them at the same time which is so important to their diet.  The staff are so very helpful.   I love this place!!!!!!. This is my favorite brunch place is Vegas!!! Totally convenience. Cute cafe. Nice presentation. Awesome service. Most important: Delicious food!!!! 
I visited here after spending an hour trying to get in Serendipity and they were being a$$.  So glad that I went here instead. We were so hungry that we ordered a bunch of food for two because everything looked so delicious!
Smoked Dry Rubbed Chicken Wings - good portion. big wings. nothing very special
Candes Killer Breakfast Skillet - one of the best skillet I've had yet. The sausage in here was so delicious that I couldn't stop picking from my friend's dish. Very hearty!
Banana Split Waffle - I love the crunchy chocolate that I put on top. waffle is a leige waffle. ice cream is good. grilled banana totally enhanced the taste. Not too crazy about the caramel sauce cause I don't thing that sweet. This dish overall was good. Great dessert!!! 
White Chocolate Chai - OMG this is the best Chai Tea ever!!! I love the Chai fragant. Robust but not too bold. the white chocolate gave it a creamy flavor. I craved for this just talking about it! 
I can't wait to go back and have more of my Chai Tea and maybe try some other items.. My daughter has been here since she was 2. It's amazing how much she knows now, she is potty trained, she can write her name and some words and she also knows all the colors and numbers in Spanish.. I used LTD this past summer since a friend hosted a party at their party location 5C, off of Mill. This location is perfect for any type of event, especially at sunset. The owners and employees were more than helpful and made my event stress free. The equipment was in top condition and the snow cone machine was spotless. I couldn't be happier because of LTD's help I had little stress to be well prepared for hosting a great event. Thank you!. Holy guacamole!  I love this restaurant, I have already written a review and proclaimed my love, but I want to spread the good word on this new name page too.

I went in last night after an afternoon at the Thirsty Beaver, it was better than normal.  I couldn't believe it, sometimes you love restaurants but it looses it's charm after a couple of visits, not this one.

I had never ordered the queso, it had sauteed onions and chorizo. I might have to get that every visit.  It's tiny, the perfect amout for two people.

Then BORING, I ordered what I always order, enchiladas verde.  I can't help myself. If you like hot stuff, call me.  no really, make sure you ask for their hot salsa, it taste like pureed hot peppers and avocado blended. It will light you up, just like the Thirsty Beaver.

Don't forget to order imported Coke with real sugar.. Very well done haunted attraction. You can tell from start to finish there is a lot of work put into the details. I was told they start working on this place in March. Not for the faint of heart as the people we started with finished much later then we did. Loved the "swamp" and Santa Claus lane. 
Fast pass tickets might be a good idea if you don't want to wait in a long line.
I think to get a 5 star rating they should consider having some scary individuals outside getting people revved up for the event. Otherwise worth the money spent.. Stanley steamer recently cleaned my berber carpet, garage floor, garage carpet, and a sofa cushion.  This company is extremely professional and offers fantastic service and results!  The servicemen arrived on time, they wore booties in my house, they protected my furniture and other floors, they explained ahead of time the expected result; everything came out very clean! This company was slightly more expensive than a company that I used in the past, but the results and service were by far superior. The only issue that I encountered was that their credit card machine didn't work due to poor reception from my home, so I had to pay in cash.  I will always use Stanley steamer from now on.. excellent show with black uhuru!!!!. Salad breadsticks my all time fave and clasic! Love the consistency. Even when its busy we still get quick and wonderful service. Great price point, great food!. Well I had read the reviews and that is the reason I stopped by today! I can say that Jasmine was spot on with the things she told me.  What threw me off was that she even told me if I had gotten a reading prior to the one today, so how would she know this ??? Well she did, that's when I confirmed what I already believed. I would totally recommend her. I am definitely going back.  She made me feel very comfortable and made sure I understood my readying. Overall very good experience. What a fabulous restaurant. For such simple food, they make it amazingly well. Everything is succulent and bursting in flavor. It's by far the best prime rib I've ever had, with almost no fat, and even the side dishes were delicious. The service was top notch and the booth we sat in was very luxurious. I loved the dim ambiance and overall layout of the restaurant. I highly recommend eating here when you're in Vegas.. It's all about the sweet potato fries and onion rings here!  A good place to have dinner while watching a sporting event.  Oh and they have a good selection on beers.. I love this place!!! The falafel salad is amazing, plus the portions are huge! They have daily lunch specials which usually range from $7-$9. They also do takeout. The hummus is another good pick and is homemade. It's very creamy and served with pita and veggies. Yummy!. A friend suggested Big Ben when we were in Charlotte for a day. The service was excellent and they had decent beer specials. Nice decor as well! I ordered the turkey wrap with a cup of their soup of the day, which was bacon, spinach and cheese. The soup was amazing! The turkey wrap was pretty standard, nothing special, but it was good. If I lived in the area, I could see myself hanging out here a lot!. New product, Shredded beef !! It comes in tacos, stuffed quesadilla and beef bowl it is really good kinda pricey but to me it's worth it. My favorite is the shredded beef tacos it has a chipotle sauce (not spicy) lettuce,jack cheese and pico de gallo. Should try before its gone !. All I can say is YUM.

As many other reviewers have said, get the hotcakes. Or pancakes. Or whatever they're called. They're a cross between a crepe and a pancake with a little dash of heaven thrown in. You can get them in different flavors, I believe, but they're just as good plain. If it's your first time in, that's probably what you should get, if you're having trouble deciding. Round out the meal with some bacon, eggs and coffee and you're good to go.

The second time I went in, I tried the corned beef hash and eggs. Man are they good! They give you a generous portion and you'd better bring an empty stomach because you'll need room to put it all away. Folks, this is diner food at its finest. Why go to Denny's when you can eat locally?

The decor inside is kitschy and old school. Lots of black and white photos, memorabilia and tchotchkes of a bygone era line the walls and give you something to look at and talk about while your stomach growls in anticipation.

Just be warned, weekends are crazy, busy and crowded, and parking is at a premium. Also, they don't take plastic, so bring the green. Stake your place in line while another person from your group goes and gets a "snack" from Peace, Love and Donuts.  It's worth the wait.. Amarena, bacio, toffee crunch, pumkin mousse cake - oh, YUM!! For the $12 that I paid, it's definitely worth it! Smooth, flavorful and creamy. It reminded me of my trip to Italy all over, again.

This is a great gelato spot. It's definitely at a great location, for some people watching. The folks were friendly and patient, as I asked to sample several of their flavors. 

A must check out spot, when you want your sweet tooth satisfied.. I tried a single origin chocolate, which had a very creamy ganache filling with some complex dark chocolate flavor. The strawberry balsamic chocolate was okay - a bit too acidic and sweet for my taste, lacking in strawberry flavor. We just sampled two chocolates though, since they were a bit on the pricey side. But the other flavors looked extremely tempting to try, with their unique flavors and beautiful designs.. I used to come to Lola Rosa at least once a week when I lived around the corner, I loved everything on the menu. After being away for several years I went back this weekend and ordered the nachos and hemp burger. The hemp burger was very different from what I had remembered - no longer on a bagel but served on two very thin slices of white toast. Needless to say I wasn't impressed, but the person I was with really liked it so I'm torn on this! The nachos were exactly the same, piled high with beans and veggies (maybe not as much avocado as before) and still very tasty. The server told us that the chef had changed 6 months ago and kept the nachos the same but changed some other items! So that makes sense for the hemp burger. Ohh just wish they had kept it the same. Still amazing though, just not 5 stars.. LOVED IT!! Had the Steak Kabob plate with hummus & baba ghanoush as sides. The Steak was tender & seasoned nicely, the pita bread was warm & delicious, not too doughy.. This is a great place to go if you are looking for supplies for exotics, such as something aquatic or reptilian. As for the live animals themselves, the selection of freshwater and saltwater fish looked diverse, and they had various reptiles such as bearded dragons and lizards. They also sell parrots, guinea pigs, and chinchillas. For those that aren't as exotics-minded, they do have a succinct selection of dog and cat food, shampoo, and toys. 

For the herbivores, they offer high quality brands such as Oxbow pellets and hay. The store itself is quite large, and it's easy to navigate around the different species sections. 

The employees at the counter were friendly, and some regulars were chatting with them about aquarium set ups.. Came here for a casual business dinner after hearing rave reviews. The immediate feel of the restaurant is trendy, casual, hip. Feels very open and relaxed. 

Drinks were delicious. Hubby had the fig and pomegranate(?) mule. It was amazing. Wish I had one for myself too. Others at the table enjoyed delicious cocktails as well. No complaints. 

At first glance the menu is not overly impressive but at the recommendation of my server I tried the braised short ribs and my husband had the Mediterranean Branzino (Seabass). My oh my was it good! The short ribs had a delicious brandy caramel sauce that was just the right touch for such a dish. The flavors were delicious. I was surprised that my husband had ordered fish since he's a red meat lover but his fish was cooked perfectly and full of delicious flavors. Both dinners were a hit. 

Since we don't live close, we probably won't be back that often. However, you can bet we'll stop by when we're in the area and recommend to plenty of people.. Awesome food, great service, quiet atmosphere. My go to place! Best thai in the area. The food is fresh and cooked to perfection. Spice levels are right on. Never had a bad dish. BYO makes it even better. It is a casual atmosphere.. Had pizza and wings. Delicious! The creamiest pizza cheese ever! Great stuff, will be back!. When my youngest son graduated I took him to Buzz Boys when they were in the Food City complex. He is now 25 and still goes. I gave a family friend a gift certificate for Fathers day. He still goes and so does his 30 yr old son. My oldest son is out of the Army and he started going. These men compare this to a spa for men. Hot towels, straight razor shave, etc. Hey I should get commission lol:). Great short rib fried rice.  The best!! For big party, reserve ahead of time.. What a great place to dine after a night of clubbing and gambling. This place is open 24/7. Not your regular 24/hr eatery. The food quality and service is amazing. The people are so nice and helpful. Got this interesting bowl with a green kinda drink with lollipops in it and it was super yummy, I'm sorry I forgot what it was called..but beware! this thing creeps up on you later. Bbq chicken pizza was good, and so was my grilled chicken sandwhich =) The ambience of this restaurant was very romatic-like and very pretty. I left this place SOOOO full but it kept me going on my no sleep game in Vegas!. So this is the 4th Mastro's I have been to and I can't even count the number of times I have been to a Mastro's. YET they never fail to prevail! I took my mother and 2 sisters here on a Friday night when we were in Vegas. I have never been to this one, but have been to the Ocean Club in Scottsdale, City Hall in Scottsdale and the one in Beverly Hills. We got seated in the "treehouse" which is the big wooden circle that everyone takes pictures of when they are in Crystal. We ordered a nice bottle of wine and my sister and I split the beefsteak tomato & mozz appetizer (I always get this when I am here) it is great because they split the order into two plates. My mother and older sister split the Ocean Club Salad and my mother could not stop talking about how great it was! I will admit we are all Canadian so we are not used to the amazing portions of food they serve in America! It is great!!! I ordered my usual *massive* Chopped salad with avocados and no meat/dressing on the side - it is my fav salad ever! Younger sister ordered the petite filet 8oz which she loved and actually finished. Older sister ordered something different - Ahi Tuna Sashimi 10oz, she was only able to finish half of it (I will add a picture soon b/c it is an unusual plate to order at Mastro's) she said it was really tasty just a huge portion. My mother ordered the Atlantic Salmon Filet 12oz, again very big but very good!!! Of course we have to order sides! My fav - sauteed mushrooms, steamed asparagus, and my sister's favourite Gorgonzola mac'n'cheese. Overall Mastro's the my #1 fav restaurant and this new location in the City Center is just as great as any other Mastro's :). Yum! I had the green chili burro - enchilada style, with a side of rice and beans. The service was great. Beers were cold. I will be back.. Food was outstanding! The pork chop which is smoked was ridiculously juicy and flavorful. Curry mussels were delicious, I could have licked the bowl clean. Tres leches cakes was perfect. Cocktails were just ok, a bit overpriced for how much they give you. Service was great. Will go back for sure, but will stick with wine.. I don't always get to return to a restaurant I first visited through a Yelp event, but I was so impressed the first time around that I went a few nights ago.  Happy to report that it is as outstanding as the first time, which I hadn't reviewed here.

We don't usually order appetizers and, true to form, we didn't this time.  My husband did order the French onion soup.  Soup always fills me up, so I had just a taste, and it was delicious.  Though I love the stuff, it's usually way too salty for me, but here that wasn't the case.  It had just enough to allow the onion and cheese flavors to shine through.  

We both had the petite filet mignon, mine medium-rare, hubby's medium, and each was cooked perfectly, just as we ordered.  The meat was flavorful, tender as a filet should be, and juicy.  The asparagus side we shared was outstanding - crisp-tender in a way that I can never get my own to be, and even though they ranged in thickness, each spear was cooked just right.  We also shared the giant baked potato, and it was giant indeed.  My hallmark for a great baked spud is one that is cooked so well that it doesn't need any butter or sour cream, and this one passed the test.  There was also bacon, cheese and chives brought with the potato to add more taste and calories.

Though we didn't order drinks or dessert, and our check was comparatively small by steakhouse standards (and even smaller, since The Charcoal Room is Strip quality without the Strip prices), the service was as attentive and friendly as possible.  

This restaurant is a hidden gem - an excellent and classy restaurant in a downscale casino hotel - that deserves a big following.. I've been going here for 10 years. They are great. I drive out of my way to get my nails done and eyebrows waxed because I know I will be happy every time. I've had both gel and acrylic and I'm always getting compliments on my nails. They are quick, friendly and the prices are great.. YAY!  I was so sad when the Spotted Donkey closed, it was my favorite patio near work for lunch.  And I love the Prescott Station, but Prescott is so far away.  So then...dreams came true when they opened a Scottsdale Station in the old Spotted Donkey!  

Two great patios, extensive menu, very fresh ingredients.  Delish!. I thoroughly enjoyed creating my own pizza combo. I loved the egg on top, however failed to ask for it sunny side up so it was basically a fried egg topping. The flavor was there though and I ate almost the entire pizza by myself. The canollis that came free  with the yelp checkin were honestly the best I've had. The service was ok.. I gave it 5 stars just because I didn't have any issues. The cashier gave us time to think about the order and I didn't feel rushed. The food and the smoothies are delicious. I also got military discount so that's good.
They have good healthy choices that seemed very appetizing. The smoothies are all low fat. Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.. As someone said before, if you cannot agree on where to go, this is the place as they have so many choices. Our bill usually comes under $90 with tip for three mains, two adults and one toddler, two drinks, two coffees and one dessert.

My favorite is the burrito. My husband digs their burger and my 3 year loves the pasta Alfredo. For drinks, try their Daiquiri. It is a bit too sweet for me but my husband likes the strawberry flavour. And all of us love their chocolate cake. We get only one to share between 3 of us.

It is a very good place to eat with children. They have lot of high chairs and the restaurant is spacious, so people will not be bumping in the high chair all the time. They also have coloring paper and crayons for children. If you are not provided with one straight away, ask for it. Keeps children busy. 

Women's bathroom is nice and spacious with a diaper changing pad. 

If you are a large group, or you are hungry,  or with a kid(s), go there before 1730 for dinner. You can expect to wait 30, 45 minutes after 1800 to be seated.

Overall a nice family restaurant.. The reason I did not give it a 5 is because the hostess was not attentive, she took 5 minutes to greet us, had us wait 10 minutes but then sat us down AFTER another couple walked in, which they were seated immediately. 

It got better, our server was very attentive and the cook was funny and entertaining. The food was delicious. It was served in a weird way, usually they give you veggies then rice then your main course. This guys gave us rice, half of the main course (depending on what was still cooking) then veggies at the end so they were kind of soggy.

I really suggest they get new hostesses since they were not willing to greet us and had us sit for 10 minutes then seat someone who walked in after us.. Wow!!!! We had the chicken and waffles and the shrimp and grits. The chicken and waffles are the best the I have had in the city. The fried chicken was very good, crispy, and was very moist. The shrimp and grits were very well seasoned and served the a great tasting slice of cornbread.  The wait staff was exceptional and was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu items.. It was the best coffeeshop in all of Madison. And then it closed (was it 2003 or 2004?) So, so sad.. I had so much hype going to a food truck party just for this truck. BUT It was just ok :( the lobster tasted frozen and chewy. The last was nice when we were ordering tho. Maybe it was just a bad batch?!. Amazing food, beer and ambiance! We got to meet the brewmaster he is very knowledgeable and he has great customer service! We will be back for sure! The beer hit the spot :). I love Luna's because you can feel good about what you're eating no matter what you order. Each dish is balanced with great nutrition, taste, unexpected ingredients and artful presentation. I highly recommend the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger.. Sequavia was an Amazing artist! I took a short nap & woke up with Gorgeous Lashes! Thank You! I can't wait to come back!. Love this place! Awesome food and fun atmosphere.  Staff is really nice and they do 15% military discount which I think is awesome!. Alex came and cleaned my carpets and two of my couches last week. Alex was amazing! He was so friendly and worked so hard to make sure I was happy. My carpets looked like new! It was so exciting! The 4 star review is because he said my sectional would come clean, but it didn't. It wasn't worth spending $200, when it still looked dingy after. However, he did work very hard to get it as clean as possible. It just wasn't worth salvaging in my opinion.. Nam is great to work with.  He knows his locks!  Able to fix one that was constantly causing us trouble.  Also brought a vacuum in to fix and he let me know that it wasnt worth it for the price of the part.. 4.5 stars, expensive but spectacular.

Everything is really top-notch, from the facilities to the service to the villas to the hammocks.  There's a terrific outdoor mall across the way and transportation directly from the main building - very convenient.  The only drawback is really the cost of everything - particularly the pool service.. I have been going to EVCC for almost four years and am consistently impressed by the caliber of the doctors and staff. We see Dr. Curran primarily (who is beyond awesome- really helped us gain confidence as first-time parents of a particularly fussy baby), but love to see Dr. Aaron and Dr. Marstiller as well. The doctors all really care about helping parents, are wonderful with the kids and never rush through appointments. The office generally runs on time (we have only had long waits a handful of times) and they are great about getting sick kids in for appointments on short notice. I have recommended this office and Dr. Curran in particular to all my friends, who are all equally satisfied with him and all the doctors. They also do a really great job explaining the purpose of each vaccine, which is helpful when parents hear so much conflicting information on vaccines. These doctors are great (and the nurse, who I've only seen once, was very nice as well) and we could not be happier to find such a great doctor's office!. If you havent been to this Pizza place in Noda, you have missed the Gondola!   Great big place, upstairs, 44 kinds.of Draft beers. and the most Amazing Pizza! ...Thinner Crust, we.ordered a Large Carolina Cyclops. It was a white pizza. with Cheddar and Mozz, Roasted Red Peppers, Pancetta, and three Cracked Eggs!   Piping Hot and so delicious!Lots of Apps and Salads, Some sandwiches too...but the Pizza is the best I have had in a long time..and I am from Chicago..so I know a little bit about Za! 5 stars, cant wait to go back!. Fast, friendly, great prices, but more importantly great work. I have a pair of heels that no one seemed to be able to fix. Well this place got the job done and done right.. This Wisconsin girl is HAPPY!  Once I bit into the cheese bread I had to ask and sure enough, the cheese IS from Wisconsin and the meat is brought in from Chicago!!  WOW, I'm amazed.  The pizza was the best I've had in Arizona so far and the Chicken Parmesan was just as awesome, not to mention HUGE portions!!  On top of all that, the owners were so nice and you could tell they genuinely cared about your opinion on the food.  My new favorite place for sure.. Tiny rooms, but they some how find a way to fit two beds in.  Not the prettiest decor, but really it is just a place to sleep between Jazz Fest concerts and exploring the city. They have a complementary breakfast with coffee and juice and great pastries, which is great for the budget.  The staff are great and speak English.. The food is delicious, but the service isn't the best at Tram's.

It was my first time back in several years. I recalled it being a divey type place with meh service and excellent food. My memory served me right. We were welcomed with bright blue vinyl cupcake tablecloths on all of the tables. Heh.

My sister and I hadn't been sitting for more than 30 seconds when the waiter asked what we wanted. I said we needed a minute, but he came back 15 seconds later and hounded us again. It was lunch rush, sure, but there were plenty of open tables. I didn't understand the urgency if there wasn't a line going out the door.

I hastily made a decision of pho while my sister got a dish he suggested, the curry chicken. Both dishes were great. I am not normally a curry fan, but the curry flavor was dulled with coconut milk. And the pho made excellent comfort food. Spring rolls are also awesome, although I prefer veggie over the regular pork ones.

Oh, and it's cash only. Ugh.

So yeah, there are some drawbacks, but probably one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the city.. WOW!! This place is amazing!! Dennis and Andrew were the best wait staff we have ever encountered! It was my birthday and I received a personal song by Dennis, not your traditional hand clapping and wait staffing singing altogether. The sticky toffee pudding was PHENOMENAL!! Nothing about this place is like any other!! I will make this my place any time I come back to Vegas!. I met up with a girlfriend here for the first time last night. This place is amazing! I don't know why it took me so long to get here!  We grabbed seats at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender Jesus.  They had an impressive list of cocktails, wines and beers. 

After a couple of drinks, we ordered a few lite bites, including Lobster Mac & Cheese, Watermelon Carpaccio, Pan Seared Foie Gras and the Roasted Artichoke.  The Roasted Artichoke in one word - AMAZING!  And be sure to try the bacon cherry bread when they bring out the bread basket.  

Since it was my first time in, I took a quick tour of the whole restaurant and it had great ambiance and decor throughout.  They also have a great outdoor area which I look forward to visiting often when it cools down a little. The delicious food, great ambiance, and friendly staff will keep me coming back. Can't wait to introduce this place to my local and visiting friends :). Awesome!! We had the lunch special, which was a slice of pizza and a salad and drink. Everytging was tasty and fresh. A little pricey for lunch but I'd definitely go back. Service was great as well!. Got a menu on the door and decided to give this place try. We got an 18" pizza (I think it was called the pilgrim) and an order of the funnel cake fries. Pizza was delicious! The crust was perfectly cooked and I was really impressed by the meatballs that were on the pizza. The funnel cake fries were to die for! I couldn't believe the portion size for the price. I am pretty sure this just became our go to pizza joint! So delicious plus we love the online ordering!. Beware of the salad bar! Don't overload on the salad bar because you won't be able to try all of the meats then. They have a huge selection of meats. Everything was very delicious and all of the meats were so juicy and tender. Great place! Will definitely be back.. Servings are HUGE here.  I had the meat loaf (which was awesome), but the couple at the next table ordered a pot pie. It was ginormous, and it looked so good!. I'm admittedly a bit of a hotel snob. When it's a five star hotel, there are certain amenities that you get used to or expect, and while Bellagio certainly isn't the worst hotel I've stayed in, it's not the best. 

Check-in was a bit of a wait, standing behind hordes of tourists, but the staff were pleasant enough. The foyer, with its grand Dale Chihuly installation, is admittedly rather lovely.

Our room was nice- spacious, clean, and well-equipped. Our view was of the pool and spa area, and on the 20th floor- we didn't hear a peep from any of our neighbours, which I appreciate. The bathroom, while spacious, had a shower that didn't drain well, and the shower head was small and needed a proper cleaning. I realise this is the most 'first world problem' thing I've probably ever said on Yelp, but the towels were incredibly rough and scratchy. The bed was large and a bit firm, but very comfortable.

The pool area was nice, but the temperature of the pool was borderline freezing- my companion didn't want to get in- I swam one lap in the large pool and got out shivering. I'm not certain if the pool is heated, but if it is, they need to heat it a bit more. Drinks by the pool, as expected were somewhat overpriced ($40+ for a Hendricks gin and tonic and a double rum and coke), but that's Vegas for you.

All in all, our stay was pleasant, but not enough for me to insist on staying again. Next time I'll probably check out Aria or the Mandarin Oriental for a bit more of an upscale  experience.. Great food, great service.  This is my go to place when I want to impress friends and family with Mexican Food.  I buy quarts of Beans, Green chili with pork, Red chili with beef, tasty chicken in sauce and fresh tortillas and pack them all home in my corning ware containers.   I make a blender of margaritas at home and everyone makes their own burritos or tacos.  Easy and always a hit!  Everything on the extensive menu is excellent and as fresh as "just out of the  pot".  We have been counting on Caminero's for Christmas Eve dinner and New Year's Day Brunch for years.  Wonderful, caring people run this perfect, corner place in Peoria.  Consistent high quality food at very reasonable prices!. Great place to study and the staff are great.. I've only been here for pedicures and brow waxing, but many times for those.  I've gotten really wonderful service and really great results.  They're prompt with their appointments and efficient with their services.  The girls I've worked with are really nice.  

My feet felt great, my toe nails looked excellent (they do a great job with flowers on the big toes), and they lasted for ages.  

They also do a really great job on brows - really nice shaping, perfectly even on both sides (even if you're not quite even on your own) and that, too, lasts for ages.

The only even remotely negative thing I can say is that their massage chairs are just ok and the foot and calf massage is not overly intense (if you're bringing your husband and the intense massage/chair is a big deal to him, this might not be the best place).  

If I lived closer, I'd still be going regularly.. 5 stars! Oh my if you're looking for great fresh and hot Down home SoulFood 
look no farther you have came to the right place. This past Sunday, Oct. 6 2013 my mother and I came in here from church I order the catfish dinner with my choice of three sides: rice with beef gravy, collard greens and yams. Everything was dellicous the only downside if you can even call it that is the small potion of cornbread.  Maybe their trying to help us save on calories? lol I  could tell by looking at it that it was going to be awesome which it was. Next time I'll  order more cornbread I was in a bit of a hurry due to having goceries in the car.. Dr. Liu and his staff are so kind and knowledgable. I despise going to the dentist but his calm demeanor helped me tremendously! I hadn't been to the dentist in 4 years but found him through my husband. He does a fantastic first-time exam (even though it's 90 min!) to get as much info as he can on your teeth and makes some quality recommendations. Then they do a cleaning which you can schedule a different day to break it up. I highly recommend him!. Amazing! 

We had reason to be in Henderson this morning--we live in Centennial Hills. As I cannot have gluten, I decided that while we were in the area we should stop in and check this place out. 

I'm so glad we did. The staff was extremely friendly, the atmosphere was cozy and the food was excellent. We each ( three of us--me, my husband and our 7 yr. old son) got the breakfast croissant. Mine was GF, of course and was on more of a biscuit than a croissant. While I would have preferred the croissant, it was still really good. We also got one gluten free cupcake to split between the three of us.

My husband and kids are very, very picky about gluten free. They often turn their noses up at it. But my husband said the cupcake was the absolute best gluten free cupcake he'd ever tried, "I can't even tell its gluten free." He admits he has had gluten free cupcakes he thought were good but he could still tell they were gluten free. He had a hard time believing this was really a gluten free cupcake. He said it was even better than some regular cupcakes he has tasted at bakeries in the area. 

The prices are a bit steep but the portions are generous. 

We will definitely consider going in again, if we're in the area.. After having a good experience at David Bann's my vegetarian friend asked me if I wanted to check out Black Bo's. This dinner left me just as full as any other night after I have finished a great steak. Being a meat-eater I would consider converting if I could eat at places like this all the time. 

Small and cozy, the place is unimpressive when you walk in however, stick with it. The food was amazing I started with a vegetable stir-fry crepe with melted brie and cranberry chutney. Then went on to have mushroom and pecan balls, filled with garlic cream cheese, and served with a pineapple chutney. It was to die for. My biggest disappointment of the night was not having discovered this restaurant sooner. Great prices overall definitely worth it, even for those meat- lovers out there.. We always have a wonderful night at the Cellar Lounge!  The atmosphere is like a warm blanket, it just feels like home.. I ended up at Distrito thrice in the same weekend while I was celebrating my birthday at the Saguaro.  It was the perfect stumbling ground for some much needed (and delicious) sustenance between drinking!

The guacamole was a definite fave amongst the entire group.  I ended up ordering the Queso Fundido with duck barbacoa twice - YES, it was THAT good!

The breakfast the was included as part of the resort fee had everything I could have asked for - juices, bagels/toasts with an array of spreads, perfectly cooked bacon, delicious scrambled eggs, potatoes, house-made sausage patties, fresh croissants & pain au chocolats, yogurt & granola... all awesome!

The decor is simple and funky, with the exception of the super-bright marquee menu board, which can be an assault on the senses - especially if you are there for some late night grub! 

I will be back - hopefully for the bloody mary brunch!. This was my first time here. The portions are a good size, I got the Farmer's Market salad with chicken, and enjoyed it. The food and decor both are fresh and clean. They have a water station where you have an option for cold, room temp, or sparkling which was a nice touch. I would definitely go back. Very friendly service!. Upon a recommendation from a friend, who I know uses Island for her personal pets and also with the rescue organization she associates with, I decided to make an appointment for my lab.  She suggested Dr. Collins so that is who I made the appointment with.  Dr. Collins really took the time to address the concerns I was having and did not rush the appointment at all.  He really engaged with Jenna, like on the floor petting her, which I thought was really cool.  Never had a vet do that before.  You can tell he really loves animals.  This is the first vet I recall asking me what food I feed because they put that in the chart.  The office visit was $45 which is about the going rate, and Dr. Collins also trimmed Jenna's nails as a courtesy.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they charge for vaccination appointments.  In my experience those don't include an office charge visit.  So besides taking my furbabies elsewhere for vaccinations I will be using this vet in the future when an issue arises.. yummy tapas!. This is solely for the Spinach Salad I ordered EVERY night for room service staying @ Talking Stick. Maybe it is because I am Canadian, but this is the BIGGEST salad of life! Ok not like Cheesecake Factory size, but a damn good portion for late night munchies for a great price!
Also when my fiancee and I got in late on Saturday we came down for dinner around 11pm and ate in the dining room. I wish so badly I could rem the lady that served us, but wow was she sweet! So attentive and nice! Brought me like 5 different hot sauces when I asked if they had any sauce. She wanted to make sure I got what I was asking for. Grrr still makes me mad that I can't remember her name to acknowledge her great service! Anyways, this is a GREAT place for late time food, order in/take out/room service!. The best place to get organic vegan/vegetarian food! Peaceful, welcoming, wholesome and delicious. The staff and owners Sean and Krystal go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your order. Will be coming here a lot more!!!. This is going to be my go to place now. I got acrylics with a gel polish and it came out beautiful. I've read other reviews on here and was crossing my fingers to get Peter and I did, sooo happy about that. I was completely comfortable with him and he did great!! I'd definitely recommend this place.. Update: I'm amending my review because it seems that Conrad tried to reach me but there was a technical error and I never received his emails. Still would've liked a follow-up call so I'm giving 4 stars. Conrad really does seem to care about his customers. I'm just sad I didn't get to do business with him and his company because he seems like such a nice guy. 


I'm sorry to write a poor review of this company because when I met Conrad, the owner of the company when he came by to estimate how much my move would cost, he was so personable and nice. We chatted for awhile before he said he'd be contacting me with quotes. I had pretty much decided I'd go with this company after speaking with him but I never received an email, call or anything! I emailed him reminding him to send me an email to which he replied, "I sent it last week but I'll resend today." I searched my junk mail and waited (for days). Again, nothing. I was really bummed and a little confused because we had, I thought, had a nice conversation that day he came by.. I'm a fan of this little place. No matter what time of day I come in, the cakes are always fresh, and even at the end of the day, there's still some left in the back if you ask. I came by around 5 in the evening, an hour before close, and they still had my absolute favorite stashed away! The icing is very good and not overpowering. It's not piled so high as to make you full, unlike another cupcake shop in town, so while one of these little guys can be a meal, easily, it's not too much!

They're pricey, but they're fancy cupcakes. If you want run-of-the-mill cupcakes, go to Smith's or Albertson's. If you want a sweet, cute treat, come here!. Dr. Wolf and his crew are amazing at what they do. The moment you walk in you're greeted with a sincere hello. Although my babies don't enjoy coming to the vet they know they will be treated by the best.. We came here for a steak dinner, knowing it was in a shopping center, on the cheaper side for a steakhouse, and it was going to be casual. We left really impressed by the service and atmosphere and totally under estimated how nice it was. 

The patio seating here is warm and cozy when the fireplace is lit and its mild out. I would ask to sit there if its not too hot. This place is the perfect location for dinner and a movie as the theatre is right in the same center. 

Ordered the filet mignon rare and it was pretty fatty. Rare is really rare here just like the menu says, so keep that in mind. The baked potato side was fine, nothing exciting. I really loved the Spinach Salad with the pecans, mandarin oranges and cranberries. The salad dressing was very good. I recommend starting with that. 

Overall really good attentive service and a great atmosphere for dinner on the patio.. Took our dog to the ER after her becoming very ill. Turns out she had eaten part of a blanket that was caught between her stomach and intestines. We arrived around 6:00 pm and after hydrating her she had emergency surgery at 2:30 am. They kept us advised on every step they took. Without UI we have lost our dog that night. I can never thank them enough. She was released two days later and in no time was back to her old self. They continued to call us and check on her for the next two weeks. So grateful to have such a wonderful facility so close to us.. Victor was great, our photos were excellent.  I would recommend, hands down, to use him.  He was also a fantastic deal, compared to what the chapel charged, and provided better images.  I'm so glad that I hired him, the photos from the chapel were blah but Victor's were amazing, so happy that I have those.  I would have taken him to the wedding if I could, but no outside photographers allowed...  Hire Victor!  You will be happy you did!. I haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well, either way, it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  

As I get older, my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result, I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.

When we arrived, the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said, "I have to go back for the rest."  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses, maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say, Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't, and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  

During our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay, but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch, though.  As we ran out of beer, we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening, the Pirates brought home a win!

My only complaint, as a beer drinker, is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me, that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.. OMG! I am so happy that another pho place has opened near my area! And they take card (for anything over 10$) which is awesome!!! The other nearest pho place only takes cash =(.  

We went on a Wednesday night (around 7pm), and it was half filled. Our server was really nice and attentive. We ordered the egg rolls, chicken wings, bun, and (2) pho. Can I just say that since the whole economy crashing thing... I feel that a lot of pho places have been skimping on the meat? THIS PLACE ISNT ONE OF THOSE! I felt that my pho had double the meat that I been subjected to during the economy crash. Taste wise, it was great too, but I am not sure what bad pho and AMAZING pho tastes like. They have almost all tasted the same to me (but hey... that is still good). I def recommend the chicken wings too!. Shame on these owners for considering closing this establishment. I believe you live out of town and are not happy with the profits? We have been trying to establish OTW as a place of destination, but we needed your help! What a great bar! And service! (John and Tom.) And the food! Way better than Distrito! (I don't know why...?) How DARE you not give this place a second chance! PLEASE come live in Scottsdale and hand carry guests to this superbly great place. Please!. Ellen makes you feel relaxed and at home as soon as you walk in the door. She is a true professional at Brazilian waxing - thorough and fast. Also very affordable. I would definitely recommend Ellen if you need any type of waxing!. In one word...excellent!  My fiancee and I had an amazing time here last summer, when we were upgraded to a Spa Casita Suite because the hotel had found out about our engagement, which happened right before we left for our trip.  The room was huge, the grounds were beautiful, the pool was awesome, and everything there was so peaceful.  The concierge helped us with directions to anywhere we wanted to go and the location was great as well...not far from the main drag, but somewhat hidden from the outside world.  We are hoping to return soon.. Impromptu 24-hour trip with a guy I had just met in San Diego to meet up with about 10 of his closest friends? Sure why not?! It is Vegas after all... why not be spontaneous. (Long story short, we were in a relationship for a year, so sometimes it is worth it to take a spontaneous chance). Anyways, onto the real reason you are reading this review... what I thought of PH.

Three of us arrive in the evening on a Saturday. The rest of the group who arrived the morning before are all passed out. We wander around the hotel, nothing too exciting or boring, just average... lots of shops and of course the casino. It appeared the crowd as this place was mostly those in their twenties/thirties, a plus! We grab some liquor and head upstairs to start pre-gaming and getting ready. The rooms were clean and simple with a modern vibe going on. The bathroom was big... as four girls were able to get ready without much problem. The view was spectacular, we were able to see much of the strip. 

So we drink, we party, and drink some more. Decide on staying in the hotel for the night so we wander around and find ourselves inside the mess that is the "line" to get into Prive. It was a madhouse. The guys begin to get annoyed but we calm them down as we know it will be like this anywhere considering we didn't head out til about 12am. So we work our girly magic and in we are! Inside is a typical club scene: plenty of dance floors and VIP seating areas. Danced the night away til about 4 am. 

Next day we spent time at the pool. A few nice large pools with plenty of lounge chairs everywhere. This is no Intervention pool party but still a fun time. Then it was off to explore the strip before headed back home to the real world after a fantastic whirlwind 24 hour trip.. Wonderful.  The coffee is super smooth and fresh.  I had the best vanilla latte of my life here.  They make their own whipped cream in house and will add a spoonful to your latte if you ask and it really pushes the drink over the edge into divine territory.  I love the decor here - a lot of hipster joints have gone for the industrial look and just feel cold (looking at you, Cartel), but this place is more of the woodsy bookshop feel.  It was very packed when I visited but  I still received my order quickly.   The pastries are pretty good too.. I discovered this jewel on yelp. The only nail shop with 5 star reviews, so I just had to see for myself. The decor is beautiful. Very modern-chic and you get the feeling that you are gonna get pampered! Perfect place to have a girls mani-pedi day! My nail tech Nina was very nice and personable. I told her exactly what I wanted and I got itI made another appointment next week for my nails. I hope they don't disappoint. This could become my regular spot.. Deeeeeelicious! We have tried many different  things from the menu and are never disappointed.  Pita Jungle is my favorite place to go!. yum! such good food and custard! i definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good burger and fries!. This is a great place for breakfast and lunch once more. They hired a new manager he really cracked the whip and straighten this place out, the food again is very good served hot and quick. 
Try their biscuits and gravy. The Tennessee steak and eggs also one of my favs.. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The service is fast and the food was great!!. Best place to go for physical therapy!  Had great results and only positive 
Interactions throughout entire facility.  Therapists are excellent especially 
Crystal who worked with me the entire time assisted by dedicated techs.
Special shout out to Callie & Caitlyn.  Experienced 100% improvement.
Would highly recommend them!  Thank you, Sharon Binder. Amazing show! If you can only watch one show in Vegas, this is the one. It's like watching a bunch of different acts and shows all rolled into one. It's funny, weird, raunchy, and totally jaw dropping and awe inspiring. Every seat in the venue is a good seat. The venue is small enough and the seats are arranged circling the stage so you will have a good view no matter where you sit and the action happens all around you.

I would definitely recommend this show to anyone interested in watching a show in Vegas.  This one is a MUST SEE. 

But, if you don't have a good sense of humor, are easily offended, aren't comfortable with profanity, racial jokes/stereotypes, sexual innuendos, and things of that sort, this show isn't for you.. If you are looking for an authentic NY style pizza, this is the place to be.  It's in the middle of the Fashion Show mall on the first floor right in front of the catwalk, across from the Apple store. They provide both indoor and "patio" style seating facing the mall. The restaurant itself has a lot of NY decor including pictures and signs.

The servers are very attentive and the food comes out pretty quick. It's perfect to come and eat on ur own too since they do offer personal size pizzas and bar seating. I am a small girl, so i wasn't able to finish the personal pizza, so maybe a man  would be satisfied with a personal. 

I would reccomend asking for extra sauce, just because i felt the pizza was a little dry with the normal amount of sauce it came with.. Not bad for the first gay club i've been to out here in the desert. If you're a lady, the queens take care of you here. Didn't seem to have to wait in line for the bathroom nor really wait for a drink at the bar no matter how crowded it was that night. It seems the cocktail servers walk around with tin buckets of jello shots, manties showcasing the BS West logo & cute hair. Drink chips @ the bar, non-"Scottsdale drink pricing" which was a ++. 

As soon as this spot hit max. capacity, we still managed to etch our own spot on the dance floor. Techno music maybe? Not my type of music but with the chill goers here i still managed to get my Roxbury on. Siiike, but it was fun though.. Brilliant.  Breathtaking.  Tribal.  Meow.

What a story!  What dramatics!  And what shape these actors must be in.  Seriously, I was very moved by this show.  Our seats were great; one of the actors climbed right over me.  Not real tattoos.

The only time my mind began to wander to work-related stress was during the rainforest scene with the weird animals.  That was a little lost in translation, hence the loss of one star.

I recommend to anyone that they splurge and see Ka.  There is something for every type in the show.. Great neighborhood restaurant and bar!  The food is good and the service incredibly friendly. Nice selection of interesting and local beers. The fish and chips are the best in Charlotte!. We go to this bagel shop on a semi regular basis. The bagels and various fillings are really delicious and the girls serving have always been very accommodating to special requests. There's a small seating area out front so my partner and I walk our dog up to this shopping strip on a Saturday morning and stop for bagels. I have read a few reviews about the owner being unfriendly or cheap but to be honest I think it may just be a culture difference as he is not from the U.S. We asked him for a large cup so we could give our dog water and he provided it to us with no problem at all. I have always found him quite but ultimately polite.

They offer loyalty cards where if you buy 10 bagels or 10 sandwiches you get one free. Overall we really enjoy going here. The only reason I have given it 4 instead of 5 stars is because it is a little bit more expensive then the average bagel shop.. Despite never personally seeing much business at The Side Door Grill & Tap the food and beer selection is great. I can't go without ordering the homemade pretzel breadsticks. Simple, satisfying and just plain delicious. Every month they have a craft beer pitcher on special for about $8. The burgers and sandwiches have always been desirable but my favorite, most recent discovery was their Fish & Chips. Side Door does not have a Friday Night Fish Fry but luckily has the fish on the menu every night, which is now one of my favorite fried fish in town.. Service and food were good, as expected.  Our experience was very pleasant from the time we walked in the door to the time we walked out.  Our breakfast was very satisfying and the price was great for what we got.  This place is kid friendly, which is a huge plus.  We'll definitely be back!. Went here with a big group of girls. First loved the traditional seating. We got a ton of rolls and the lychee sake. It was all very good!

Not a single roll I did not like. The fish was fresh and the variety on the menu was great.

For dessert, go with the classic -tempura fried ice cream.. Well, I enjoyed everything about the play specially the sets.  I got decent seats which made the experience a lot more enjoyable.  I think the sound system could have been a little better since I was having a hard time following the story since I could barely hear the performers.  Other than that, it was a great show!. I just read my first review of this business.... and I quote "I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me."  Oh what a tangled web we weave....   I did go back in a group lunch (twice since) and guess what - You guessed it, the suggestion DID in fact come from me.  And boy was I ever so happy that I did.

I'm bumping Lalibela Cafe UP a notch because the food was incredibly good.  Recently, I went here with a group of folks who like to "tour the world one spoonful at a time".  I chose Lalibela because I wanted to choose a restaurant centrally located from the continent of Africa and because the Yelp reviews down lie!  You don't get 4 stars here for nothing!  Definitely worth a 3rd trip for me.

The group was seated promptly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their food... how do I know?  Because every plate was cleaned!  I mean cleaner than clean!  When we ran out of injera to clean the plates, more was ordered!  

If you plan to go there for lunch, there are 3 different types of lunch specials.  I would recommend the #2 lunch special in which you can choose different wats (like an Indian curry or a stew) to eat with your injera (crepe like pancake) - Here's a breakdown of what I ordered in my last visit, I had the Doro Wat (Spicy Chicken) and they Key Sega Wat (spicy beef) and a lentil based wat with injera.  I would have eaten it all, but I couldn't.  I had to be rolled out of that place my tummy was so full.  

The fact of the matter is, and clearly, my last 2 experiences here have been fantastic with the latest one being even better.  Try them, you will like it.

 Parking can be very tricky at lunch time.  You may want to get in the area before noon.  I've never been for dinner.. Very friendly and helpful staff. It's close to home and they have what I need.. We stumbled upon this bar after having dinner after hearing them bump music. This was a pretty chill bar. They had a great outdoor area which is ideal when it's warm out and it gives everyone some breathing room. It also was awesome for everyone to dance on. Their beer selection was standard but the music was really what made it awesome cuz they had a good dj that night. 

This doesn't really have anything to do with the business itself but the crowd was cool and everyone was pretty chill.

I'd definitely want to go to this bar again when I'm in town next year for tubing.. The bread!! 

I could stop there with my 5-star review, but I need to give more bread adjectives. Light, fluffy, bread pillows came out of the oven right across from where we were sitting. I've only ever had pita with hummus, so this was new to me... and now I'll never go back to stupid pita. Our waiter told us the bread is so light that he's actually seen it lift up in the oven! 

My coworkers and I went for lunch, and it's good thing we got there a little before noon. We pressed our noses to the glass cases as we walked through the restaurant to be seated - good thing the desserts were on the opposite side. Most of the seating is tables up to 4 seats, but we were able to snag the 5-seat table in the back. 

We started with the BREAD and hummus, which was fantastic... probably the best I've had in Charlotte. For lunch, I got the Mixed Grill, which was a lamb kebab, beef kebab, and chicken kebab, and I swapped out the rice for a falafel upcharge. They accidentally brought me the rice, which was awesome since it was light and sweet (cranberries and carrots on top). The grilled veggies were okay, but I was much more focused on the meat, falafel, and rice.

it's a good thing I don't live closer to Matthews, or this could become a problem.. Pizza was hot and tasty. Staff is in training, but we're happy and helpful. VERY thin crust, like a crisp flatbread. Will be a regular stop for my 15 year old. Pizza in 4 minutes, winner.. Absolutely no complaints. I was beyond excited when I found out a few months ago that a Pieology was opening in Vegas. I have been to the one in Irvine and it was amazing. 

So, if you've never been to Pieology, it's a build-your-own pizza place. I'd compare it to chipotle, except I hate chipotle and this place is amazing. But anyways, it's $7.95 per pizza. You can add as many toppings as you want. The price doesn't change. And the flavor of the pizza is fantastic. 

GO TRY IT ! :). I came in a day early by mistake on my part because I got dates mixed up. Aria's Heidi and Jasmine reservation desk agents were very helpful got myself and husband a room a day after Thanksgiving at higher price although the place was booked. My husband didn't want to go somewhere else at a cheaper rate so paid higher price. Oh well. The line for reservation desk was long at 2ish pm but didn't wait too long. My room was on 10th floor with view of swimming pool. The room is very nice with King size bed. Too bad the bed was too soft for me. Kudos to Jasmine and Heidi for helping me. They were very friendly, helpful, and accommodating.. Bon concept. On peut y manger pour la modique somme de 5$ ! J'ai testé le burger "constructeur" avec frites c'était copieux, délicieux et la qualité est là. Une amie végétarienne m'accompagnait et il y a pas mal de plats pour les végés donc ça aussi c'est un bon point.. One of the best options for Dim Sum in Vegas.. I was recommended to Olga's Brow Studio a few years ago. I have had a wonderful experience every time! They do amazing work, and I have never been unhappy with the outcome. I have always gone to Olga, but recently had an appointment with Laura. She was very professional and easy to talk to. She made me feel very comfortable and I was extremely happy. She has been trained by Olga, and was amazing! By Olga training all of her girls, you can expect your outcome to be the same (perfect) every time. It gives you peace of mind to know that no matter who you schedule your appointment with you are going to look your best. I would highly recommend Olga's Brow Studio to anyone! I have another appointment with Laura next week! ;). I went here after a canceled flight and a first "date". Great atmosphere and fast, efficient, and friendly service. The food was not the greatest but the atmosphere and the newness of it all was enough that I want to go back there eventually.  I assume that I should probably try out a few more items on the menu to get a completely unbiased opinion. Otherwise I still feel that the portions are large and the service and amazing vibe made up for it.. Saturday was my first time going my coworker told me about this location and she's been going for years and first I was pretty skeptical I'm very picky. when I walked in they have amazing layout and the nail technician Lisa did a phenomenal job on my nails and I showed her a picture of nails design I found on Pinterest and she did it perfect I will always be going back now.. When I don't workout on the weekend I not only feel guilty but I start to miss LVAC! (Sigh) I've been thinking about you my dear gym.. The taste of Naengmyeon( cold noodle) simply reminds me of the one in my hometown...the flavor is rich and fresh. Absolute love!. I'm regular at this place. The food is always fresh and delicious.  One thing I've never tried is their dessert.  Red bean shaved ice is surprisingly delicious.  I highly recommend it.. My fav all time brunch plate...yes the lines long and it takes 4ever to get a table at times, but its food is amazing...the fried eggs benedict is the most amazing breakfast item I've ever had (I've had it several times and its always been relish... the juevos ranchers believe it or not r the only juevos rancheros I'll ever eat..and lastly the original frooozen hot chocolate is a sinful treat very chocolatey. Dave who is the owner is amazing!!  He has helped me out on several issues that I was having ranging from my washing machine to my kitchen faucet.  He is very professional and a pro at what he does.. The hubster and I didn't get a chance to try this truck at the ill-fated Street Eats Food Truck Festival. Alas, we were destined to part of the crowd that went hungry, unsatisfied and without feeling in our legs after standing in a line for 3.5 hours only to get to try ONE truck. So thank the stars that aligned and brought us to a local event this past Sunday where Lunch Libre was parked and...behold...there wasn't a line a mile deep! 

We immediately placed our order before our luck could change and managed to try their potato/chile quesadilla and their chicken torta sandwich. We are sooooo glad we got a second chance to try this food truck! Hubby and I were both super impressed with how fresh and flavorful the salsa and veggies tasted. They really added to the quesadilla and sandwich instead of being simple filler. After polishing off my entire quesadilla in a few giant bites, I told my husband that I could see myself craving this again...translation: we MUST begin stalking LL asap.

The bonus to this truck is how nice the owners are. They were super friendly and really made you feel like you were enjoying a home made meal. The pride in their food was obvious and contributed to our overall experience. We can't wait to try more menu items!. Quick service! Store was small but super clean and my barista (an older gentleman) was amazingly nice and actually struck up a conversation. He wasn't trying to rush me out even on a busy Charlotte game day. Wonderful atmosphere and great drinks! Best latte I've had from a Starbucks in quite a while!. I love the fact that this salon is very clean, friendly, professional and has plenty of space so you never feel crowded. And... they have Sunday hours. Makes my life so much easier as I frequently travel and Sundays are my day to slow down and regroup. All the technicians are good but I do have my favorites! Give them a try.. Love it.

As I've mentioned in my first review, the place gives you a very comfortable, family feel to the customers.  Oh and the place is very clean and cute without over exaggeration like at Pink Polish.  

Pricing menu:
Acrylic full set:  $25
White tip full set:  $28
Pink and White full set:  $35
Silk full set:  $35
Crystal full set:  $32
Gel full set:  $32

Manicure:  $12
Spa pedicure:  $22
Deluxe pedicure:  $35
Manicure + Pedicure:  $32

French:  $5
Design:  $5. Retro Bakery should be enjoyed by everyone that loves sweets.  They have a fabulous variety of flavors that includes vegan options.  My favorite was the vegan peanut butter cup.  

I purchased a dozen random flavors and asked my co-workers to do a taste test for me.  The flavors that were appreciated the most were Maple Bacon, Mint Chocolate Chip and Drumstick.  That being said, none of the flavors were not appreciated so try them all!. Dieu du Ciel is the place I was probably the most excited to visit on a recent trip to Montreal. I was told it's pretty crowded in the evenings, so my friend and I decided to start our day-drinking there in the afternoon.

I started with Flames which was delicious and smokey and slightly sweet. I finished with the Rendezvous Nordique. It was intense and tasty.

The service was great, everyone who works here is super friendly. I can't wait to visit DDC on my next trip.. Wow....the pizza was absolutely amazing....and the pasta was crazy good!  The "special" sauce was truly special.

And I really really liked the homemade garlic bread!

It was very laid back, and the service was superb.  The prices were great for the amount of food we received!

I can still taste the yummy pizza....can't wait to go back and have the pizza and pasta again :-). Shoes for men and women and purses.  Give me my feet and slip on some shoes. I was pleasantly surprised at the brands they had.  I could have done some damage but this trip was for buying for my kids not me.  I will return on my next visit.  Trust me my next time there I will be buying some shoes for me.. I am in my first month of Pure Barre and loving it.  

This location is amazing, it is clean and welcoming--everyone is so friendly.  The instructors make is a point to get to know your name. They care about who is coming in the door and are interested in seeing you succeed and work hard.  
 I am a former crossfiter and though I love crossfit, my body was in need of something a little more gentle and sustainable.  The Pure Barre workout is fun and they change up the movements, yet it is something you can do every day.  

I highly recommend checking out Pure Barre Phoenix, if you love to work hard and get results but are looking for something that is really fun--you will enjoy this workout.. I had a real hair emergency.  I decided to 'save' money and bought a boxed color and proceeded to destroy my hair.  That was last night.  It was so bad I didn't want to show my face anywhere.  I called this morning and left a message and he called me as soon as they opened.  He went out of his way to get me in today, I was so relieved. As I waited, I was offered a variety of  beverages, I chose the white wine.  

Alma, the color specialist was fantastic.  She was not only talented at her art, she was friendly and reassuring.  She was able to get the color to a level that I actually liked.  After she did her magic, Adam gave me cut and style..  He spent a lot of time with me just telling me what he wanted to dand why he chose a certain style. .  He gave me two options; one was have a change in style (which is really huge for me) and the other was just trim up the split ends.  I decided to go with the change.  I LOVE IT.  He too, is an artist.  My hair is different than I would normally choose, but it is fantastic.  I loved my experience at Adam Pink Salon...and I'm picky with my hair. It's a bit pricey, but as I found out, you do get what you pay for...Thanks Adam and Alma.. We got right in, had great service and amazing food. Loved the tortellini alfredo, my husband had the baked ravioli and loved it and our daughter had the Meatball sandwich and totally enjoyed that. We plan on going back when we are in town again.. If there were a 6-star rating, I'd give them 6! Wow! Everything we had was simply amazing. Beef, yellowtail, even tofu. This place has definitely made it into the "must hit" list each and every time we go to Vegas (3-4 times per year). Cannot wait!!!. I don't know if I should say I love this place or really dislike them.  They are dangerous.  It's like they know my number.  I was supposed to just passed by and head to another store, but I couldn't help it. I saw the shoe sale, they have it every few months now.  Tons of shoes for 65% off.  I guess a girl cannot have enough shoes.  Hey, my pretty shoes don't care if I gain or loose a few pounds.  Today, I got 3 more pairs. Danny helped me out, he has been in the shoe department forever.  I remember him helping me since 2006 at least, wow, that is 6 years now.
I love some of the Gianni Binni Dresses, too (that is the house brand).  They are very well made and if you are lucky enough to catch them on one of the big sales you can score a great dress for under $80.00. I went here yesterday with my cousin. She treated me for my birthday. The staff is super friendly and they even gave me free ice cream because of it being my birthday. I enjoyed every second there and will definitely be back.. I have been a student at UKF for more than 3 years. The training has given me more than I ever expected. I have gained self-confidence, improved my health, strength and flexibility. The instructors are awesome! I highly recommend United Kung Fu. They are friendly, very family oriented and offer programs for all ages.. I am highly satisfied with Herbally Grounded. I've been taking the "amazing greens" for sometime now and I am very pleased with the product. I signed up for their newsletter so I get invites to the classes an amazing coupons.  One day I will take advantage of the classes they offer. The customer service is a hit and miss. Some days they are on it, others they are not.  I know what I want/need so my interaction is limited. I will continue to patronize them.. Staff is amazing. Every time I come in, they are helpful to find the right bottle. I get my nails done next door and they will deliver a glass of wine over there. Happy hour is the best! Great place to bring a bunch of co-workers for a drink as well.. I have missed excellent Italian food since Tucchetti's in Phoenix closed several years ago. Oh the agony! Then I stumbled upon Jimmy's. I may not be a fan of Chicago sports, but I am a fan of Italian food. 

This place was quite a delicious surprise! I have been back several times and have tried various dishes. Some I like more then others...but that can be said of most restaurants. I recommend (with great enthusiasm) the cheese ravioli with their spicy red sauce. I also give a huge thumbs up to their pizza (I like mine thin and crispy). Perhaps my favorite part of the dining experience is the bread and balsamic/olive oil dipping saucer. I would like to be buried with these items.

The prices, admittedly, are a tad high - but the flavor is worth paying a bit extra. It's a mom-and-pop eatery and I prefer those types of places to the chain variety. The food is always fresh and the service has never been a problem. 

My husband recommends the calamari appetizer and the hot dogs. He's not a fan of their green relish, so ask for it on the side. Oh, almost forgot, order their dinner salad and make sure you request the creamy garlic dressing. It's home made and incredibly addicting. 

Bone Appetit!. Amazing place to come for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I love their menu and fast service.. Just got home from an appointment with someone that works out of this salon. Dr Veronica Boyer. This woman is amazing. For help with hormones or a little help with looking more youthful she is the absolute best. Research her credential and you will see. I am blessed to have found her and recommend her with every ounce of enthusiasm I have.. My son has lived here for nearly a year in a studio. It is more like a one bedroom without a door, very roomy with a full kitchen and indoor parking. The rent includes full cable and wifi. The buildings and garage are fairly well maintained - they need to empty the garage trash more often, but everything is gated and you feel safe there. They have units a tenant can rent for visitors and last week my oldest son and I rented a 2 bedroom with loft for 4 nights

It was great to have our own bedroom and bathroom. However, there are NO amenities. No soap for the dishwasher or to hand wash the dishes, no TV, no Internet, no coffee maker or kettle, only 1 bath towel, 1 wash cloth and 1 hand towel in each bathroom. There was a nice balcony but no chair.  There was a fireplace that worked so we watched that while we shared the 2 person couch. Remember, this is mom and adult son. The cost was only $75 per night which made it tolerable. The design is modern minimalist to say the least. It was clean and the beds surprisingly comfortable. The closets were HUGE but there were NO hangers. There was a washer and dryer but we didn't use them, no detergent.  

There is a Starbucks, Jersey Mikes, Yogurtland and a few others right  in the parking lot, and our son lives in a unit nearby, so we spent little time in the unit other than to sleep

I would stay here again as the price was excellent. I would just know what to bring next time. Still waiting to hear that they returned my security deposit. They were supposed to call me lase Wed to let me know, but no call so far.. It's really fun when you sit down to write a review and, without hesitation, you click on that 5th star with a smile on your face.  That's exactly the way I felt just now.  Last Friday after work, we decided to try somewhere new for dinner and since it was pretty much on the way home, we decided on Town Talk.  Besides, BBQ sounded really good at the time.

The place is exactly like every reviewer describes it.  It's a whole in the wall, but sparkling clean.  It's fairly nondescript inside but there are plenty of articles with mentions of the restaurant all along the walls.  The owner, I'm assuming, has got to be the nicest guy around.  He was on the phone when we came in and apologized profusely afterwards for not speaking to us immediately.  Gotta love that kind of hospitality.  It didn't take long for me to decided what to eat, and I ordered the brisket entree with mardi gras potato salad and the cole slaw.  We also decided on a blackberry cobbler to go.

I wasn't really sure what to expect with Creole BBQ, but what I got was an intensely deep smoky flavor profile that just had a ridiculous amount of body.  I usually tend to go for sweet sauces, and this wasn't sweet at all, but I absolutely loved it!  The brisket was sliced very very thin, which I love, and it was still very tender.  The potato salad was really yummy and surprisingly light considering the description stating that it was a mayo potato salad.  My favorite part, the cole slaw!  Usually cole slaw is a big fat fail for everywhere bot Bobby Q and KFC.  Town Talk has got the cole slaw down pat.  It was deliciously crisp and tangy with a really good bite afterwards.  When we ate the cobbler at home it was delicious!

I really loved this place and I will definitely be back again.  It's just really special when you can go somewhere and have great food and great service in a really comfortable environment.. The best smoked meat in Montreal! I dream of this place! Must be had with a Black Cherry soda! :). Biltmore Fashion Park has always been my favorite shopping experience in the Valley, and now it's getting even better.  It's located in the exciting Biltmore/Camelback corridor at 24th Street and Camelback.  With its first phase renovation complete, parking is convenient (I park in the parking structure behind Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue and can walk directly from my car into either store).  With the opening of the underground walkway, visitors are able to walk underneath Camelback to The Esplanade with its movie theatres and many more bars and restaurants.  BFP has a variety of  boutiques, independent stores and restaurants, in an upscale European atmosphere.  Most of the stores are dog friendly and there is a great store especially for dogs, with edible delicacies from the Three Dog Bakery. Some of my other favorites include Paradise Bakery, a terrific Apple Store with excellent customer service, and Christopher's Fermier Brasserie with its wonderful French food, and variety of fine wines by the glass.  If you need ideas on things to do with your out of town guests, there is a Visitor Center staffed by Certified Tourism Ambassadors from Greater Phoenix Convention & Visitors Bureau with lots of tourism information.  The popular Westcor Gift Cards, which can be used anywhere Visa is accepted, are also sold there.  Enjoy an afternoon of fine dining, shopping and strolling Biltmore Fashion Park.  When it's warm the misters are on!. I love this place! The pork buns are delicious as are the curries and drunken noodles. Added bonus- it is BYOB!. Angel was amazing! Such a fun experience with him!! Loved the quick service and interactive service. Thanks Angel!!!. Second time going to Seviche. For the most part we ordered the same things again because they were just that good. Made a 5:30 reservation for Saturday night for a group of 4. I'm a big fan of the Caipirinha. I love the gritty bits of sugar in the drink and that it's sweet but not too sweet. My boyfriend and I split 3 things and each had a drink. The bill came out to be $50 which isn't bad at all for a nice dinner out. We ordered the Grass fed beef tacos, the Cuban roll, and Mussels. 
The Cuban roll is without a doubt my favorite thing! It is so good. It already has a soy based sauced and for $12 I could eat just that and be full. The tacos were very good. Three decent sized ones came out. I liked them but the Cuban roll blew them away. The mussels were delicious with a nice sauce and a crostini served on the side for dipping. 
Our waiter this time was nice and very efficient. I like that they make sure you know exactly how tapas style dining works. Our waiter the first time was my favorite. He was so smooth and easygoing he made us want to stay longer.
I'd strongly suggest trying to go during happy hour. They have it M-F normal hours and then later on Saturday from 9-11 I believe. A lot of cocktails (including the Caipirinha and mojitos are $5) as well as $5 select tapas. I believe they have specific ones on a happy hour menu, not just any tapas are 5 dollars.
I was happy to know that Seviche is a meal that we can have when we want to go somewhere nice that isn't going to break our piggy bank. The first time we added about $40 to our bill trying out all their cocktails so it is a lot more reasonable when you only have a drink or so. 

I love this place and highly recommend you try it!. We were standing in line at chipotle and decided we weren't really feeling it... Found this place (thanks yelp!) and were happy to!!! Friendly service, they give you a taste if it's your first time.  Family owned business and it shows! 

My friend had all the meat tacos and her fav was the steak... I had fish tacos and seaweed rice and am totally satisfied!

Nice atmosphere too with fun music... 

Will come back next time in town.. great atmosphere and service love the food and kid friendly love the prep dirt cup deserts my kids actually thought there were actual worms lol but it's a great place and great food at a great price!!!. What can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!

But as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.

Me, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.. I ate here twice in this last week. I went there because I was wanting a good hot dog. I had searched yelp for a good place. I read the reviews and thought I would try it out. Plus it had been on check please. I actually got the chicken bites and fries both times. The chicken bites were crispy and had some taste. They tasted great and had a garlic taste. Best dipped in some ranch of course! I'm a French fries fanatic . These were just right and were homemade and fresh.  The second time my boyfriends 10 year old was with me and he got the Shirley temple drink in the bottle . He liked it so much I bought him a six pack to go. M They had the burgers and enjoyed the burger. I can't wait to go back!. The food is great and the staff are very friendly. The new location is much bigger then the other one so if you have a party of more then 5 come here.. I don't understand what everyone's beef is this this place. I have seen Rascal Flatts twice here and both times it was wonderful! The lines moved relatively quickly for the massive amount of people who where there. I sat in the seats one year and the lawn one year and both times the sound was great. It was a great crowd and I had a great view even from the lawn. The only thing I gave it one star down for was that in the lawn sets I was breathing second hand smoke the entire show which was gross and unfortunate. Wish they'd make it no smoking. I have never had a bad experience there and I would go to another show there.. I've eaten here a lot and while I've been disappointed with the food a couple of times my experiences have been mostly positive. The service is always pretty good too. We will definitely continue coming here!. This dinner was incredible. Eat very little before you go to dine here!! We booked a reservation 3 weeks in advance, we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated but we didn't mind. We sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen which was an experience in itself. Watching the chefs work their magic, making sauce and cooking meat was pretty cool. We ordered Foie Gras Poutine to start....I have never seen a bigger piece of foie gras in my life! It was so good!
My friend ordered the Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce with a side of garlic broccoli and I got the Happy Pork Chop with a side of fries (in duck fat). Both dishes were fantastic and HUGE! We could not finish them and were so sad to leave such delicious meals behind.

The staff was helpful and very pleasant. Next time we go we'll try the Duck in a Can and the desserts!. It isn't fancy, but it sure is good! The restaurant is simple and seat-yourself. There is a patio that looks out to a parking lot, but you wouldn't notice because the sides are surrounded by clever planters suspended in front of the non view. It the temperatures are pleasant, outside is where you want to be.
Now the food. Yum! Marinated Peruvian style chicken is the highlight of the menu. Your choice of whole , half or quarter chicken & sides. I got a quarter chicken because I wanted the appetizer too. The appetizer I chose was a composition of chicken salad covered with yumminess & garnishes. I think brides should have it instead of wedding cake. Lovely to look at & livelier to eat.
The sides that we had were infuses rice, beans green beans (get this! So good!), & plantain chips.
The beverages are worth a trip in themselves. 3 house specifies plus sangria, fountain drinks & beer.
I only regret I didn't have room for dessert. They looked delicious.
You should eat here and try everything.. The restaurant has a beautiful view of the strip and the fountains at Bellagio  and the Eifel tower.  It's bright and cozy but very elegant.  Every detail of the restaurant was beautiful, from the decor to the glassware.  The staff are extremely polite and friendly and they are so passionate about the restaurant and the food.  Garett our waiter new every detail about the menu and was over the top friendly.  The food was AMAZING!  The vegetable bolonese would win over meat eater easily! The staff that have met Giada said she is one of nicest people they have ever met.   Please try this place, it's a winner for sure!  Oh, and don't forget to get you picture taken in the photo booth!!!. So this is *not* the restaurant.  This is the little stand at the bottom by the escalators @ the Venetian.  The Bouchon restaurant is at the 10th floor of the Venetian, which I was super confused with after reading these reviews initially. 

So let's review the bakery first: 

1) BOUCHON BAKERY - (little stand)
This is a line-up grab & go service.  They serve a variety of delicious cookies, cupcakes, and pastries as well as coffees & other hot drinks.  The stuff they have is delicious.  Definitely try their almond croissant and their chocolate croissant.  Their chocolate croissant even beats Jean Phillipe (at the Bellagio).  If you've got an insane sweet tooth, then try the apple croissant.  I wouldn't suggest that one for breakfast though b/c it was way too sweet for my liking. 

2) BOUCHON RESTAURANT - 10th floor of the Venetian 
So like everywhere in the Vegas hotels, you take a convoluted route before you can actually find your final destination because everything here is so big.  However, this restaurant was well worth the convoluted trip.  There is a huge variety of brunch options including quiches, pastries, eggs, etc.  I like that they can do your eggs *any* style and they mean it - including scrambled egg whites - my favourite.  I also ADORED their chocolate croissant - it was seriously delicious.  They have that downstairs at the bakery too.  

So overall, a great find and definitely worth going again!. I love this place! I only come here to get my eyebrows done and everyone is lovely.... I started getting my armpits layered as well.... Love love love it!. Cute ambiance and great food! It's a small little place but it packs lots of flavors. The pulled pork sandwich is fantastic!. Absolutely amazing decor and ambiance.  Food is anything but authentic cuisine, but that's not what you'd go there for, is it?  Service was really friendly and prompt, and prices were typical for Vegas.. This place is amazing value for money. The cocktails are delicious and the staff are very friendly and genuine. Everything I have had to eat here has been good. The risotto is so tasty. The fish and chips are spot on. The salmon I had here was awesome. 

Great place for smokers as there is an outside area which is very pretty. The whole place has high spec chic decoration and is very clean.

I have nothing bad to say!. We tried this little place on Sunday and it was off the hook...fabulous. Ribeye street tacos and a carne asada torta. They brought around samples of their lentil soup while we were waiting for our food and little samples of their fresh fruit popsicles at the end of our meal. Both of them were delicious.  Great addition to this part of the neighborhood at Central and Dunlap. We will be back to this place often to try other menu items and also their sweet corn.. I have lived here for over a year and it is a great place to live, the staff is great and the maintence crew is wonderful.   This is a great location I would recommend river ranch.. Nails came out great and they were more than willing to fix my design. Deep dish pizza was soooo delicious! The best ever. Calamari was a giant serving and yummy. Enjoyed spaghetti and meatballs too. Lots of leftovers! Come early because it gets busy.. You have not eaten in Vegas until you've had the Combo Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar at the Palace Station!  We all know that the Palace Station is not one of the most savory locations in Las Vegas but its definitely worth the trip to this seedier Hotel.  The cooks prepare your food according to your requested spice level between 1 and 10 (1 being the least spicy and 10 being very spicy).  I could eat at this place everyday and never get tired of it!  I highly recommend it!. Note, I have not eaten here for lunch or other off-peak times. I have only been to Lahaina during traditional dinner times (7pm-9pm) and happy hour/early dinner times (5pm-7pm) and the sushi has always been excellent. 

My favorite order is just regular salmon (sake) sashimi. A huge plate of it. Their Ultimate Salmon rolls and Ultimate Hamachi rolls are very good too. The salmon, everytime I've been here, is beautifully colored with healthy lines of fat and has that wonderful taste and texture that you expect from excellent raw salmon.

Service has always been very good for me as well. 

The decor is a little strange with the "star-lit" ceiling and such, but it's a solid sushi option when in the Summerlin area.. One of the best things I ate in Vegas! It's nothing like typical shaved ice, since the flavor is already IN the ice or "snow." It's flavorful, light, fluffy shaved ice that tastes delightfully like ice cream, but with a different texture. They use all natural ingredients so it tastes pure and not artificial. I loved all the flavors I tried, but the black sesame stood out to me. Yes, the small is big, but once you taste the deliciousness you will devour it all! Forget about sharing!. The building is beautiful.  All the rooms are private and newly remodeled. The staff is very friendly and attentive. It is strictly a short term facility for people to go to after the hospital and before they go home. 

My Aunt stayed there and she was very happy with her stay. She had a private suite with private shower and sitting area.  She was able to bring her dogs to visit (as long as she had proof of vaccines).  
I would recommend this facility to any friends and family.. I called to have my ac/heating checked on my condo that I'm  purchasing. The seller or HOA couldn't be more helpful than Alan's Air! I just provided the address and was provided with details how it works.  Very impressive!  Highly recommend!. My favorite pho soup. The broth has amazing flavor. I have tried many other places but this place has them beat hands down. There ginger limeade is also delicious.for appetizers  Try there spring rolls they always taste light and fresh they also have crispy rolls that are delicious. The coconut curry is to die for. I would highly recommend stopping in to this place for dessert try the chocolate lava cake !. You can't go wrong with a shop that has Perry's ice cream, chocolate covered bacon and cake pops among about 30 other types of treats!

I wandered into the shop after being stuffed from dinner but still craving something sweet.  I ended up leaving with more chocolate then I have ever purchased at one time before.  I aslo left with an ice cream (Perry;s has a ton of unique flavors, my choice of the day was movie theater which had a faint buttered popcorn flavor along with some chocolate).  My favorite by far was the chocolate covered bacon.  How can you go wrong with the salty bacon combined with the delectable taste of chocolate?  I also purchased a chocolate covered chili, some chocolate covered pretzels, some cake pops and a piece of fudge.  Chocolate overload!  

There was only one person in the shop waiting on people, so it did take a little while to get service, but he was friendly and informative.

The only downside is that since it is artisan chocolate, it is a little pricey, but totally worth every penny.

If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth or try something unique, I highly recommend Sinful Sweets.. This hotel is really nice, but not very party oriented, but not old people oriented. More relaxing and aesthetically pleasing to the eye I guess. Gambling here is fun too. Lots of tables and variety. They have a little village with food and bars that you can walk around. Not a bad location on the strip either. You're not at the far end of the strip, say like MGM or Excalibur, but you're closer to the middle of all the action. 
The buffet here is delicious. What I love that it's not your typically boring buffet food, but french inspired. A must try in Vegas.. I had lunch there with my niece and our waiter James was amazing! We had a bowl of fruit that was amazing and mac & cheese that he needed more flavor but other than the experience was amazing the food just needed a little work. The Osso Buco and Pappardelle Mimmo are the standout dishes here. They are SO delicious. I used to go to their reverse happy hour every time I was in town. Since they reduced it from a 50% discount to 25%, I haven't been back and doubt I will return. But I will remember those delicious foods fondly. If you are a local, you can still get 50% off, so be sure to go! Tourists like me are out of luck, no matter how often we visit. If I'm being honest, that rubs me the wrong way a little. Beautiful décor, too.. Awesome food.  Everything we had was wonderful. The servers were nice and attentive although one was a bit clumsy a dropped stuff a few times but everyone has a bad day now and then. My friend had a pork chop with a green chile sauce on it.  It was so tasty that when I go back this is what I'm getting.. Having a dragon BLT at the great American Foodie pod Las Vegas next to Bally's food is amazing as always. Super cute patio!  Amazing food!  Yummy drink served in a coconut shell!  This place is awesome!. The food was fresh and delicious.  Much needed sushi fix.  Pleasant, unrushed lunch.. There are several massage places in the chinatown area of LV but we decided to come here based off other yelpers. So glad we did! I had full body massage $30 for 1hr.  Felt like a $150 massage! No long wait, the lady I had was very strong and had good technique. Forgot her name sorry!. I was so happy with my experience here.  After spending a few days in AZ and having a bit of culture shock, it was nice to find this quaint little renovated house with a gorgeous outdoor patio area.  There were lush trees and plants everywhere, and even a few kitties that might live there?  My boyfriend and I even decided to brave the 100 degrees to sit out on the patio (we later agreed that it was just a few degrees to warm for that, but it was ALMOST bearable).  We thought about ordering from the happy hour menu, but that is only available at the bar, and we weren't super tempted by anything on the HH menu so decided to delay that for another day and just order off the dinner menu.

We started off with a smoked salmon bruschetta - it was delicious.  I decided to order the lamp chops with lavender potatoes (How could I resist lavender potatoes?).  My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon.  Oh my GOD.  So good.  I also had an Oregon pinot gris that made me very happy.  This was amazing food in an awesome atmosphere!

My only complaints about this experience were:  there were LOTS of flies buzzing around.  I don't really know what could be done about this - we were sitting outside, after all.  Maybe the restaurant could have some discreetly placed fly-catchers ( is that a thing?) around?  I don't know if that is even possible.  I understand that flies are a hazard of sitting outside, so I don't really fault the restaurant for them.  But there were seriously lots of them.

The other slight issue I had was that my boyfriend and I arrived very early in the evening - and we had a reservation.  There was maybe one table seated on the patio, with all the other tables open.  They sat us right away, but it was at a table RIGHT next to the service door.  Meanwhile there are all of these other tables just sitting empty all over the place, and we are trying to have a romantic dinner with people constantly walking in and out of the door right next to my chair.  I just thought it was a weird place to seat us since the place was virtually empty.

These two slight issues were not enough to take away from the overall experience, particularly the amazing food.  I would suggest House of Tricks for a special occasion dinner, and I will also definitely be back to try the happy hour.  This place is a gem!. I need to join Weight Watchers so I can buy super-cute vintage clothes at Antique Sugar.  They have a wonderful selection, and the staff are super-friendly (ie, not snobby or too hip for thou).  I especially enjoy their accessories.  They have amazing hats.  They play good music in the background and are helpful without shadowing you as you shop.  They offer a 35% Yelp check-in discount, which you can use at the time or save for later.. Okay, so I use to live on a reservation in Washington state. The tribe could smoke a mean salmon, but the local frybread joint left me not a big fan. However, thanks to Groupon and other Yelp reviewers, I got a taste for some. I'm glad I did because this place changed my overall opinion. 

Pros: For being frybread, it was not greasy at all. There is a variety of choices from vegetarian to desserts. Here is what members of our group had - BBQ beef and cheese frybread, two red chile frybread tacos, a side salad, and sweet frybread with honey and powdered sugar. YUM!

Cons: The new location is in a rundown area and located next to a liquor store. Plastic utensils just don't cut it here. I ended up tearing my food apart.  Also, nobody acknowledged us when we came in and sat down. We weren't sure if someone would take our order or if we had to go to the counter because we hadn't been there before.  

As long as you go in not expecting anything fancy and over the top, you won't be disappointed. It's a family owned restaurant with faithful customers (we were greeted by one when we accidentally went to their old location). All four of us left full and satisfied with our meals.. Ok, I cannot seem to find a friggin laptop cord that will charge my 5 year old laptop (I know, I know, that's like 10 trillion years in technology years, I must be some cheap ass fruit for not throwing this one into the heap at the dump and conforming to mass consumerism. I am an idiot who does not deserve to find a replacement power cord. But I digress...).

So, after determining that I would only find universal crappy cords that would not work on eBay, Hubby and I decided to bite the bullet and... actually drive to a store... and buy one- just like we used to in the good 'ol days.

This Radioshack is very near to our house so we swung in. Much to my surprise, there were 2 very helpful women working the floor. They even opened packages and attempted to charge the laptop while we were there. We wound up spending $108 (on a stupid cord which we later found out  powers the laptop but doesn't actually seem to charge it, so I guess it will be going back) and walked out decently happy.

So, even though overpriced and not perfect, I guess technically we got what we needed and the service was pretty good. On a side note, I am only giving the overall experience 4 stars- for some reason every experience I have ever had with a Radioshack indicates that it attracts douches (I hope this isn't a reflection on me going there). There was a total jerk customer who was jerky to my little boy and kept saying stupid things like "WOW, this is a LOT of batteries for $9.99, what would I even DO with ALL these batteries??". Yes, jerk, it is a good deal. Don't buy them if you don't need them. And a weird guy with a boy who seemed be trying super hard to seem super smart and know-it-all-ish. Great, I don't need to know that your dumb parents saw fit to give you a cell phone at the ripe old age of 9 or that you understand blue tooth technology. 

Anyway, its not Radioshack's fault that they have moronic customers, but it is a tribute to their outdated marketing, store displays and organization, and somewhat lame variety of slim pickins cell phones and remote control Tonka Trucks. If they would just try a bit harder to join this century instead of making time stand still they would probably do better.

But what do I know, this is all just my opinion. Anyone know where a loser can get a functioning power cord for a 10 trillion year old Gateway laptop?. We were staying in TI and decided to eat before flying out. We each got a sandwich which we thought were a bit high priced at $15 but  those things are packed with meat! 
Totally worth it, we could have split one sandwich but we  just took it on the plane with us. One thing I would recommend is not subbing onion rings for the fries that come with your meal. The fries are Amazing- and if you order onion rings you get like 5 and you have to pay $2 more. 
Overall delish food, great for hangovers and not too pricey for the strip.. This place is a little pricey but very good. I had the the Salad St Tropez which consisted of proscuitto and melon and come with a little caprese side salad and crusty bread.  We also ordered several pastries which were extremely buttery, flakey and not too sweet.. Quick and friendly service at check in.  Got to my room and it was spotless!  I always check the beds for hair or suspicious stains before I lay in it.  The sheets smelt clean and looked crisp white!  My room attendant's name is Antoinette.  She did a fantastic job cleaning and I really appreciate it!  Everything was dusted and that made me feel even more comfortable in this room!  

The shower head was a little crappy, but worked so I can't complain.  No standing water which was a plus considering this is an older hotel!    The bed isn't too comfortable but that's probably due to my pregnancy.  There is no microwave or refrigerator in my room but I'm sure there are rooms that offer them...just not this one.  

There was a mix up with Starbucks and room service when I placed an order over the phone.  The operator accidentally sent me to Starbucks and when my order never came I contacted room service (which is who I wanted all along) and a nice young lady, Vanessa (I think that was her name) and the manager took care of me and got my Starbucks order canceled and ordered the correct breakfast.  And I got it fast!

Will be staying here in the future!. The man friend and I finally made it out to a Sunday brunch. He sleeps in so damn much we never make it out in time for brunchy food. 

We decided to stop by Fez, one because it is close to the house, two I love the Fez, and three I was hoping one of my friend were working so we could say hi. 

Unfortunately neither of them were working. Boo! We stayed anyway. I wanted a cocktail and he was starving! We were seated immediately, when everywhere else we called that morning had at least a 45 minute wait. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Good for me, cuz I got myself a Bloody Mary and it was yummy!

Our server came right over and got our drink order then got our food order as soon as he came back with our drinks, however we never really saw him again after that. Someone else delivered our food. I wanted to order a side of avocado, but no one check back on us after food delivery so I couldn't, our waters were empty for at least 5 minutes. By the time he mad it back to our table we were just ready for the check. 

Our food though was great. We both got the Eggs Benedict. Eggs were perfectly poached, the french bread was tasty and the potatoes on the side were good! The salad however seemed to be a bit of an after thought and really could have done without it. Ask for a substitution or no salad at all if you check it out. 

Over all we were satisfied, I just wish the service had been a bit better.. NIGHTCLUB: Marquee is a very unique club, like none other.  Everything about it is wonderous.  Large club leading outside to the pool with a huge bar and the BJ tables.  I dig the tall LED display screens the most. I think the visuals are sick as the DJ spins his deck on a rised stage. The main dance floor reaches capacity so there is crowd control by security.  I received free drinks comp`d for ladies, free from glist. This is nice!! Free certain drinks until 11pm. I pounded it for 30 mins off redbull & kettel. That lasted me the entire night/morning 5am =)

The only odd layout of this club is the entrance.  There are several entrances.  The back entrance is VIP/GL? and leads to staircases. It's just really tacky.  Other than that, the club is superb.  I forgot to mention there are different floors of music. I no longer care to dance to hip-hop.  EDM is taking over so they reserve the main room for it =) You ALL MUST party here. I HATE to tell you what I really think because I dread the day that I am waiting outside to come in. This is a BAD ass joint and it comes with great service and fabulous cocktails! If your favorite speak easy married your favorite venue and had a baby, it would be Valley Bar. Come, don't come...ha!. WHOO HOO! Came to visit from out of town and was looking for something to do. Consulted "the yelp" and found out about this place. Checked the website and found out there were Church Bus races that night. SOLD!

This was my first time doing anything like this and it was fantastic! We paid $7 each for entry, plus we did it up and got ourselves some Bud tallboys to complete the experience. The engines were loud, the crowd was rowdy, and the bathrooms were clean. What else could you want out of your night?. This was my first time calling and i placed an order for delivery for a 14 inch with 12 wings and a 2 liter soda for $20. The guy said it will be about an hour wait they they came to my door in 35 min. The pizza and wings were yum! I was very pleased with the service. They got themselves a new customer!. My new favorite spot. Thanks Yelp! We ordered the molcajete  with diablo sauce - be warned! it really is spicy. Not called diablo for nothing. The flavor was still there and I love spicy, but next time I'll try the tomatillo. Bit too painful for me. ( I ordered a horchata to try and help numb my swollen tongue)
I really love the side of beans,salad and rice. Beans are perfectly seasoned, salad is tangy and refreshing, and the rice has texture. Not the pink puffy rice with minimal flavor that is served at so many mexican restaurants.
They also have strong margaritas and huge mugs of draft beer.

Just seeing the pictures makes me want to go there now!. I completely forgot to add my review for this place after coming back from my recent Vegas trip...  Anyways it is super delicious, they definitely meet the mark for taste and quality.  They make their own tortillas!!  It's awesome and they are fluffy and off the hook.  Right when you walk in you see the lady behind the counter whippin' up some fresh tortillas.  They bring you chips with 3 different salsas to try... the avocado one is the best!  The corn tamales are a must; the cream that comes with it is OMG sooo goood!...  I think it's sour cream and butter mixed together.   OH, and if you add the two together... the avocado salsa and the cream...  OH WOW!!  I put on everything I ate...mmmmmm.  Yes it was good, very good!. A gem on the west side.  I LOVE this place!  Great vibe and good ambiance.  Oh...and the food is fantastic!  Be careful though...it's got some heat.. We came here Sunday afternoon for a cup of coffee on a rainy day!

There is a decent amount of seats and cute atmosphere!

I ordered the brandied black walnut latte and my husband got the pistachio agave latte. The brandied latte was delish with a cute presentation. However, I thought the pistachio agave latte was the winner for the day. Super creamy and that pistachio flavor was spot on! Excellent drinks....we cant wait to return!. Seriously did not anticipate enjoying this show as much as we did. Hilarious! On our last two trips to Vegas we went to cirque du soleil shows so we were looking for a different experience this time around. Carrot Top uses lots of props but he also uses music and the pace is really fast, we were never bored. 

Tip: You can bring drinks into the show as long as they are in plastic cups. The bar inside the theatre was very slow and we missed a portion of the opening act while waiting in line. I'd recommend bringing a drink in from another bar in Luxor.. Woke up craving Acai Berry bowl. So glad Jamba Juice has it. Pulled up 2 the drive through was greeted immediately the guy working the window as pleasant. We got our food promptly and everything tasted amazing!!!!. One of the best places to get really good & cheap food at PHX! They have a big selection of pizza slices to choose from, including vegetarian & vegan choices. And the food is actually really yummy. I had a slice of the margarita pizza, and if my eyes had been closed I would not have known it was airport food. The crust was light and thin, and it was full of a wonderful garlic basil flavor with lots of cheese. With prices like $6 for 2 slices and a drink, no wonder the Pizza Hut in the same row is empty.. Great customer service! I am now taking care of my mother and the young women(Yolanda and Brianna) at scottsdale medical were so helpful and knew what they were talking about! They helped me find the perfect transport wheelchair that was super light, diapers, adjustable commode and much more. The store is conveniently located right by Shea and the loop 101. This store is definitely going to be where I go for all of my medical needs! Highly recommend!!. Marina & Stephanie are amazing. Quick & pain free. Great customer service. They make you feel very comfortable and relaxed. I have been to several other places and this place is clean and their technicians are very professional.. This place is in the middle of nowhere. Well actually I only say that because this side of town is pretty foreign to me. 

It's a pretty cool spot if you live in the area. My friend had a birthday party here and she got to rent out the whole outside patio. It was a cool night so it wasn't too hot. Everyone that was there for her got a stamp so you can get half off appetizers, well drinks, and beer on tap. The beers on tap was pretty good. 

They have karaoke and the DJ was awesome. He seemed like an aspiring rapper. 

The prices for the the food and drinks were pretty reasonable not too pricey. This place is pretty cool we had a good time. I probably won't be coming here too often considering is pretty far from me but if I was in the area I wouldn't count this place out.. The food was good , the ambience was good as well . The night we were there, i wasn't sure if they were understaffed. There was no receptionist to welcome the guests. Looks like there were only three servers that night . Although  understaffed  , our server made sure we were satisfied . Like what I mentioned , the food's very good . We'll definitely come back when we're in Vegas!. someone beat me to yelping this place first?? oh man! it's inside harrah's upstairs near toby keith's i love this bar, actually asked 2 front desk in harrah's and the lady said she never heard of it.. save yourself some trouble and just go upstairs.. love this place! super friendly staff.. explained the whole process to us.. pick your flavor, your milk and your mix in.. we had strawberry w/ skim milk, with banana and raspberry mixed in.. it was so good.. best ice cream i've ever had! 
*Natural Ice Cream
*Instantly Blended with Fresh Fruits and Vegetables.
*No Artificial Colors or Preservatives! 
*Quick: Made within about a minute
*Dairy Choices: SOY, Nonfat, Regular, or Whole
*Flexibility: 15 Fresh toppings, and 10 flavors of ice cream
one of my new fave places!. Yesterday my cousin took me there for a birthday brunch. I had a half-caff White Mocha and spinach quiche. 

The coffee was strong enough, yet, to my surprise and delight, was deliciously lacking of the bitter after-bite as is common with espresso drinks.  The barista tops each cup with a beautiful design that just feels like warm autumn love. 

The quiche was also well made and delicious. Even my 10 year old thought so and he despises anything "green".

I will most assuredly go back there often in the future!. This is an amazing place, I don't get why the reviews don't reflect it. For the views and atmosphere ALONE I would give it five stars. We went for a late night dinner at the bar area in the back, but got to see all the really cool private dining areas they have with views. It felt like Vegas!  Really amazing.

We are vegetarian and not a lot on the menu as far as dinner entrees we could eat (in fact, none) but we did a la carte sides and they were really yummy. The broccolini, caesar salad, steak fries and bread were great.
I really enjoyed the modern design and sleek atmosphere. When you see all the little private dining areas (reservations needed for those I'm sure) that also have super incredible views, you will be sold. I truly forgot that I was in Arizona. I felt like we were in a big city or in Vegas. Cool place.. Fun mom and pop breakfast joint with old-school Mel's Diner charm.  Huge menu.  All of the carb-laden, glucose spiking breakfast goodness that one craves.  Plus lots of preparations of eggs.  And vegetarian items.  And the kind of breakfast stuff that my grandma would make, like chipped beef.  Bottomless refills of coffee.  Good service.  Good sized portions of food, you won't walk away hungry.  Super reasonable prices.  Definitely a keeper.. Excellent service! Started with the lobster bisque. For my entre, the filet and lobster with a side of the potatoes romanoff. I wish I could remember the martini the waiter recommemded because it was good. Priced about the same as every other Vegas steakhouse....but come here for the quality and service. Had dinner before watching PeepShow (very convenient, next to the theater).. The staff here were so friendly and helpful and really care! My coffee frap was gorgeous as usual and the views from this branch are simply STUNNING.. Looking for this place was a little tricky, it doesn't have any signs or anything! My dad found this place awhile back because he thought it was a bathroom but people were coming out with pizza boxes. 

Place is clean, fast and huge portions! 
About $5 a slice. 

I've been here twice and the second experience was definitely better. 
The first time we got the all white with ricotta and I felt it was too much, it was good but It didn't have a wow factor. It was seriously soaked in grease, I used a TON of napkins to soak it up. My siblings and I felt a little sick. 

2nd time, I brought my friend since she insisted she wanted pizza and this time I got the plain one with cheese . got it crispier and that one hit the spot! I've been looking for that NYC thin slice pizza and it was close enough.. This is one neat place when considering a pool!  They have approximately 8 to 10 in ground pools of varying styles, sizes, and amenities to view.  It is a great opportunity to visualize pools and different colors of tile and pebble tech.  In addition, we were able to sit down with a pool designer as a walk-in on a Sunday.  Very informative trip and well worth the drive for anyone considering a pool!. Awesome place, with great food and atmosphere! Their newly renovated place is beautiful! If you ever need catering, they do an amazing job!. I did a Senior 2012 Photo-shoot here and it worked out perfect! Best Park in town if you need a nice area for photographs :). I actually ate here a long time ago, first time I actually ate here. My sister and her boy friend asked us to go to dinner there. Ordered many dishes, everything we ordered was excellent. Very authentic! Heat level and portions were very good. They are very busy.... Outside looks small but when you go inside its a good size inside.  They have a big wine room! Excellent service too!. Very impressed with this creative restaurant! I had the Sonoma valley salad with grilled chicken and my brother had the monthly special, the turducken burger on a pretzel bun. Both were great. Service was excellent. I like the many different sauces to choose from. The fries left something to be desired, won't get those again, but I'll probably be back to get a cookie sundae.. Phenomenal. We had the fried brussel sprouts (I don't know what lemony-creamy dipping sauce they came with but I want to bathe in it), mussels, and striped bass and it was all delicious. The portions were larger than I was expecting - we had tons of mussels leftover. Definitely worth the prices. 

We made reservations but it was a Wednesday night in a cold January so it wasn't too crowded and we had the option to sit pretty much anywhere we anted.. Most complain that the prices here are too high but why not pay more for a product that tastes better? 

I'm all over the board at this place. I'm a huge fan of the cheese section, especially some of the extra special items like the goat cheese logs that have figs & nuts topping them. The extensive wine section. The bakery with delicious pastries & unique chocolates. The veggies! I absolutely love the organic tomatoes that smell so sweet! The fruit! The fresh flowers! The seafood area that inspires me to get my special dishes on like brown sugar salmon! The yogurt selections! The beauty section that has all sorts of hidden gems in every corner and I love that you can choose your spices and get however much you need along with the trail mix area with so many different choices! 

I also love & appreciate the extra care taken in all the displays. This store is beautiful and I always eat with my eyes! Of course I tend to overdue it but I love all the inspiration. 

The salad bar is fantastic with items like roasted tomatoes, organic greens of every type and the hot food section is great as well and they even have balsamic onions that pretty much go well on anything!

Prepare to spend extra here but don't regret it after you realize how much better most things taste.... The cheese popcorn was maybe the best I've ever had. We picked it up from the farmer's market.  My husband then went to the store and bought a few different flavors.  I didn't care for the garlic parmesean. Normally I'm a big garlic fan - but maybe that's in hot dishes. Granted - this was eating it the day after it was purchased. Like anything, I'm sure it's better when it's fresher.. This is Emerill Lagasse's restaurant so you know its going to be great!  The bartender "mixologist" here is award winning and has been featured in national magazines.  The mojito is out of this world.  UNBELIEVEABLE!    We had the waiter recommend dishes and they were dead on.  We had an outstanding food experience.  The combinations were different but not crazy.  The server will guide you to all the best.  This literally brought my husband to tears. Two exactly.  One for the mojito and one for the marispalla dessert.. This is my favorite  theater to go to. Great student and senior discounts. You have to show them an ID. Loyalty cups are $1.50 for refills and with the popcorn shirt you can get a free medium popcorn everything you go and upgrades are a $1 more. With deals like this, it is hard to not like harkins. In addition, the staff here are very polite and nice. The restroom are extremely clean. And unlike AMC there are 5 various flavors of popcorn salt shaker for free. Add as much as you like. The staff will also provide you with an individual box to share popcorn. Great theater!. I love classic Mexican food, Javier's is one of the best places to eat original Mexican food, not water down like other places. Javier's is innovative in their food flavors as well and at the same time very traditional and example of that is the Poblano Enchiladas with Lobster meat , really LOBSTER in an enchilada? GENIUS simply GENIUS. The service was ok, the server was not as attentive as I would of hoped but perhaps it was because my party was not as dressed up as all the other people there.. Like many think of their loved ones, I think of the love I have for the biscuits I had here.  The true love I experienced is like none other.  Do you love that I've started with the bread options here?? 

So seriously, this buttermilk biscuit is just beyond! It's made with chives and has little cream cheese surprise inside.  Served warm. Are you dying just by the description?!  Anything with cream cheese in it is divine if you ask me....I shoved in four.  No lie.

I had heard a lot of hype about this restaurant.  It's funny because when you think of American food, what do you think of?  I think burgers and fries.  But make a food presentation fancy looking and you've got a fancy restaurant.  

We tried the swordfish appetizers, which came out split between two plates.  I actually liked that because I can get greedy with my appetizer and not share, so it made things equal!  The app was good, but it wasn't amazing.  My scale goes from gross, ok, good and amazing.  This place was definitely not gross or just ok.   

My main dish was very good.  I got the day boat scallops + pork two ways.  The scallops were nice and crispy, just the way I like them.  I was not thrilled with the risotto.  Granted, there was no false advertisement that it  was pearl barley and not a creamy based risotto I usually enjoy.  It just didn't have any taste, it was just....there. 

The pork belly, which was described as the part of the pig that bacon comes from, was amazing!  I mean, bacon, hello!!  The homemade sausage was also really good.  The cabbage underneath both meat options was very very tasty.  I was much more into that than the risotto. 

Remember that you MUST have a reservation!  It's very tiny inside, so I'd doubt you'd be able to walk in and get sat within 2 hours.  The place itself is very cool.  It was very cozy inside and had a nice intimate feel.  Great for a first date or romantical dinner out.

The service was definitely 5 star.  Our service was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when selecting the food options.  For how hip it felt inside I was surprised to see an over 60 plus crowd on a Saturday night.  But maybe I just went too early for all the cool kids. 

So did this place live up the the hype?  Not necessarily.  But would I come back?  Definitely.  I'd be interested to try some of the other unique food options they have on the menu.  Maybe in a few months I can rate this as amazing!  I'm fearless and I like food, so who am I kidding, I'll be back!!. Forget the pho; their spring rolls are unbelievable.  Okay, don't forget the pho-- I would recommend getting it with charbroiled shrimp.  Mmmm.  Service is speedy, prices reasonable, and the food is tasty.  No complaints here.. Been here twice now and I plan on coming more often. I hope this place never goes out of business cuz I might have to start a riot :/. Aiden is amazing. I got the gel manicure and hot stone pedicure this morning and I have never been so thrilled with how my nails turned out. They are flawless. I was referred by friends who always have the most beautiful nails, and they told me I need to see Aiden. I won't be going anywhere else. My friends's nails are so healthy and long thanks to Aiden's care. Can't wait to see how nice my nails get with regular manicures at Luxy!. I should have written a review back in January when my dog stayed here 4 nights while recovering from being bitten by another dog. She had a surgery performed by Chris Reagh. He and the staff at this location, and the Janesville location, were so kind and had a very calming presence. 

I am writing the review (finally) because tonight I took my other dog in because he had a tick on his ear that my husband and I tried removing for so long we grossed ourselves out. I called before heading over and again the staff was more than understanding of this nonemergency. They told me to come on over and removed the tick at no charge. They are just the best.. Thanks to Donald and Carin for sponsoring this wonderful event! Just got back and it was a lot of fun. Great food and drink not to mention the company - shoutouts to Jim and Kevin ... 

I also commend the waitstaff highly for their friendliness and extreme competence in handling the many and varied orders of 25+ people with grace and efficiency.

Just as a side note, I was also taken with the (XTREME?) hand dryers in the bathroom, which told me at the spout to FEEL THE POWER

That about says it all.

Thanks again and best wishes for the season!. I recently started the Paleo Diet and have completely cut out all grains and dairy.  Doing this has felt great but also made it very hard for me to find places to eat for lunch!  After talking with a friend at the office I found GrabbaGreen by Pita Jungle in Scottsdale and have been going back ever since.  They ARE expensive but their shakes and salads are amazing.  At first they gave me a small box for the salad and I felt as if I could have eaten two...then after finishing it I felt so full because of all the organic ingredients that I have continued to go back ever since.  Thanks everyone for making a fresh lunch option possible :). One word... AMAZING! its all color coordinated and at a low price! they also have amazing sales. Its easy to find what you need and what you gotta have! I could spend hours here! OH and i have the smallest feet ever and i like that they have my shoe size 5 there once in awhile. =]. Jeff at Las Vegas Color Printing printed color copies of training materials for a workshop I was conducting for 13 people last February 2014.  The copies were perfectly done and I was very proud of them.  I'm in the training business and am very particular about how my materials look for my workshops.  Recently, Jeff printed out another set of copies for a workshop I'm conducting in June and they were perfect also!  I highly recommend Jeff and Las Vegas Color Printing.  Corri, Jeff's assistant, is a joy to work with!  I highly recommend Las Vegas Color Printing for all of your printing needs!.. A few visits back I found a great deal on a room here.  While it's a little bit of a walk to the Strip, there is a shuttle you can take to one of their sister properties which is a big help.  We didn't spend much time at the hotel itself (gambling or at any restaurants) and the view was kind of whatever but it was quiet, the room was large & comfortable, the bed was comfortable, & it had a great bathroom.. It was such a chill bar, my boyfriend and I had an amazing time and all I have to say is that they do not mess around with those drinks! They were showing some very strange shows on the tvs, mainly from the sixties but it was alright, cant wait to go back soon!. This place is amazing! From ambiance to food and service. Visiting Charlotte NC for the first time I yelped restaurants and found 131 Main. We had the dinner for two. You pick your app- get choice of soup or salad then pick your entre- wait it's not over! Then you choose your bottle of wine then topping off you get desert!  All for 72 bucks! In my neck of the woods this is a total bargin! Shrimp and grits for the first time and I'm in love! Make sure you request Mitch! The best server by far. Told us where to go gave pointers on different sections of the city to visit or hang out!. Something, LoverSoul, Hurricane Rolls are delish! Also te halibut is always good here!. Yet another fine meal from Chipotle, I am now convinced that this cannot be called Fast Food. It's just Far To Good to be categorized with Mac Donalds or Taco Bell
The grilled chicken burrito is always great and is HUGE!  It's always two meals worth of food.  Service is always quick so we are always in & out Lickety Split! What more can you ask?. Super adorable and the food was great!! Love the atmosphere and the staff was fantastic!. I just went here yesterday for brunch and I'm so happy I discovered the place! I had heard about it before but never been. The portions are huge, so it's a very good choice for brunch, especially if you are hungover, this place will cure you! I got the two eggs with bacon and potatoes and pancake, which was still pretty big, but compared to their other things in the menu, mine was relatively small. The prices are fine for what you get and the coffee is included with the breakfast as well. 

The only thing is you have to get their in a good time, or else there will be a line-up cause its pretty busy. Also, I heard that this Allo Mon Coco in Cotes de Neiges is better then their other branch.
But would definitely recommend this place, at least I'm going back there for sure!. Finally! My sister-in-law has been in Vegas a year and had bad experiences with several other groomers. They nicked her pets, gave uneven grooming, and didn't always perform the services advertised, and took many more hours than promises. Petiquette did an awesome job, was professional and thorough and were done well within the two hours promised. Petiquette has a new loyal customer.. We likey! Similar to long john silvers with a lil boost. If you like fried seafood and dont have much cash, Come here. Get the clam chowder bread bowl! I also tried fried butterfly shrimp with fries. No complaints. Coleslaw could have been sweeter, but im an east coast girl. Maybe ours is different.. The food is simply superb - always tasty.  I often have Sag Paneer and it is really good.  The naan is great, too.  This is a very good place to go with a vegetarian because there are many, many options.

When the weather is good, it's lovely to sit on the patio.  We sat there a few weeks ago and while the service was pretty slow, the entire experience was good.  It was Saturday night and they were busy.. I went to here twice during my recent stay in Las Vegas and the food was great. First, my husband and I went for breakfast and I had the pancake fruit pie thing and it was amazing. It was huge! But not too sweet and they even put shortbread cookies inside which added a nice crunch. My husband had the big bite burrito and it was huge and very tasty. The customer service was a bit lacking this first visit, and by saying that I am being kind. Our waitress first forgot we were her table and we waited almost 20 minutes to order a drink. When I mentioned that we had been waiting a while she became pretty rude and continually slammed down drinks and plates every time she delivered them to the table. From this you might be shocked that we went back, but we had been drinking and it was near by. This time we had lunch and our waiter was AMAZING! His name was Adrian and he was attentive and organized and funny. There was four of us and we had been drinking and he was totally into our mild shenanigans and had a great sense of humor. The food was good this time too. I had truffle fries as they make a great drunk food and a salad because I felt guilty that I only really wanted fries. I would defiantly go back but would probably leave if I go the first waitress again.. I had a great time at moose bawr I personally think it's the best place to pre drink in Montreal. Justin was our bartender and he was amazing. He knew the whole menu recommended us 3 amazing sangrias. The service was exceptional as well as the drinks.. The New office is amazing! Had some major dental work done today and I couldn't have been more comfortable!  4 hours in the chair, 2 movies on Netflix on the new flat screen which I could see while my procedure was being done... I'm a happy girl! Dr. Tracy is amazing!. The Penn and Teller show was great!  They tell you how they do the magic - sometimes they even show you the trick and still when you watch the trick you're thinking "How did they do that?!".   The music before the show was also terrific with Penn joining the pianist on bass.   I will definitly go back again but I'd like to sit closer to the aisle next time so I have a better chance of being part of the show.. Great food, great service!

We went here three times so far. The first two times, I got a steak and it was so good. I never ever regret coming here, especially when I have that first bite. The prime rib is great too, I'm just not sure it's my thing. 

They used to have a normal baked potato as a side, but for some reason they got rid of that. They offer a twice-baked potato now, which is good too but I don't like it as much. I miss my beloved normal baked potato :( The side veggies are also interesting, I like how they feature something a little different and seasonal each time, like kale and beets. Yum. Mashed potatoes are a decent choice as well. Another note: there used to be these really awesome tiny dinner buns that came at the beginning of our meal and they got replaced by these flaky cheese pastry things. They are good, don't get me wrong, but it's like eating tasty air.

Let them know if it's your birthday and they'll include a mint-chocolate chip dessert on the house. The creme brulee is relatively generous with its portion, a little on the eggy side. The flourless chocolate cake could be denser, but that's just because I love me some chocolate. For Valentine's day, they gave us little two macarons instead of mints with the bill. They were not very good macarons, but I really appreciate the gesture!

Again, the service is great. They're never afraid to chat and share a bit of their own lives with you, but they give you your space. The manager always comes around at least once to ask how everything is going. 

You have to come here at least once.. The wait is horrific but so worth it. We waitied an hour and a half and still loved it.. My review for this place is way overdue, but I've had quite the love affair with Bronze Cafe. I was working in downtown Vegas for a 3-month project, and Bronze Cafe happened to be close by and had delivery service. I chose this place on a whim my first week there, and ended up getting it for lunch at least twice a week, every week for the duration of the project. YES, it was THAT good. And being the insatiable, variety-loving foodie that I am, I ended up cheating on the Bronze every so often and trying other lunch places nearby.... but none of them made me feel the way the Bronze did -- giddy, warm, happy, cared for, so I always came crawling back.

Maybe it's the way they carefully assembled the salads and sandwiches like the pieces of culinary art that they were. Or maybe it's the love and care they put into their freakishly delicious vegan baked treats. Whatever the "it" factors were, they got me hooked and begging for more each week. It's with some sadness and nostalgia that I write this review now, sitting some 500-plus miles away, fondly reminiscing over the great times we had together.

ANYWAY, I may never get over you, Bronze, but I think listing some of your great qualities to the world so that others may be able to love in the same ways that I love you will help give me some closure. So here it goes:

FOOD: In one plain word.... Uhhhh-mazing. The breads for their sandwiches are always the perfect balance of fluffy and crunchy, the dressings are unique and always drizzled to the right amount, and I haven't had a single thing that I didn't like. My favorites are:
- The Bizness: Massaged kale salad base, with up to 3 added sides; the best ones are the spiced/curried chickpeas, beet & quinoa salad, and roasted brussels sprouts (with some sort of crack-laden sauce that has me licking my fingers and utensils every time). You can also add chicken!
- The Complicated Order: Trust me when I say that everything about this sandwich is a win, from the turkey to the bacon/bacon jam to even the Qcumbers (cucumbers)! 
- Tree of Life pita: Breathes new life into me every time, with that amazingly soft and fluffy pita and roasted red peppers. 
- Banana boy bait: Some of the best banana bread you'll ever have
- Strawberry jam cookie: Oh.... be still, my heart! The perfect combination of chewy and crumbly shortbread and rich strawberry jam
- Peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie: I'm a sucker for nut butter, and this cookie only worsens my addiction. It's super crumbly and delicious!

SERVICE: People are always sweet, friendly, and helpful. Plus, if you come in a lot (or call in a lot, like me, to the point where they start recognizing your voice....) they will show you little tokens of their appreciation for your loyalty! 

AMBIANCE: Vibrant, warm, and colorful. They're located in an LGBT center and the cafe is really cute, with a colorful dining area surrounded by shelves of eclectic books. 

Both my vegan and non-vegan friends also enjoyed this place! Till we meet again, Bronze!. Went to Montreal for a long weekend with my sister and were fortunate to stay at the Hotel Nelligan. We enjoyed an amazing dinner at Verses the second night we were in town. The service was amazing, couldn't have asked for anything better.  Our server Luc was very attentive and amidst courses gave us great recommendations for our next day of adventures. David, the sommelier had great wine recommendations and made us feel right at home. The food could also not be beat. We both loved the red tuna entree and the chocolate mousse is not to be missed. 

We enjoyed Verses so much that we went back on our third night in town to enjoy dessert, great wine and fabulous service. Don't miss this place on your trip to Montreal!. We recently used pet sitter pro to take care of our three dogs while on vacation. We have a shih tzu, and labradoodle and a Saint Bernard. The real issue is with our Saint Bernard. He was a rescue but she was able to sooth and become great friends with him. The text message updates about my babies were just what I needed. I will be using them again for all of my pet sitting needs. I was so happy with this experience.. I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews, but I think they're in there with the actual casino.

Ellis Island Cafe is a local spot and a tourist's dream, especially if you're on a budget. I eat at Ellis Island at least once whenever I'm in Vegas. It's affordable and always open. I was just in Vegas last week and heard it might not be open 24 hours anymore, so I would double check that.

Everything is delicious! I loveeeee the Chicken Fried Steak, especially for breakfast. I've also had their salads, pasta dishes, and sandwiches. Everything is amazing!

The service is suuuper slow, otherwise I would've given them five stars.. They dropped their price to $0.49 an ounce!! Yay!! It's still a little more expensive then others but, honestly, I can tell I'm paying for quality. The store is always clean, the staff are super helpful and friendly and they offer other things most yogurt shops don't which I love! This is my new favorite yogurt shop hands down!!. Went there last Sunday for lunch. Staff was super nice.  Had skinny chencho fries and they were really good.  Imagine McDonald's fries covered in warm salsa verde and gooey melted cheese.  They got soggy real fast but I scarfed em' down so quick it didn't matter.  Also got a small cheese pizza which was aight I guess....it was real soft.  And husband got an Avocado cheese burger which I took a bite of and I liked it a lot.  Minus one star cuz' I had Montezuma's revenge later that day.  TMI?. Joe is awesome. I have a mailbox here. As I pull up he gathers my mail and boxes and helps me load my car. Always smiling and helpful. Thanks Joe!. I moved from orlando, Florida and was really missing the cultural food experience that you could find anywhere.  After trying this restaurant, hands down it beats any place I've tried before. I no longer miss my orlando spot. The portions are very generous and the price is reasonable. Anything you order will explode in flavor on your first bite. Sofrito is made from scratch and any dish you order will be satisfying. To top it all off the service is genuine and exceptional!  The owner sat us down, and the server vicki was more than pleasant. She is very personable and overall it was a fun experience.  It is like stepping into the island itself!  If you are looking for a genuine latin experience you must stop in.. My husband & I had the most intimate and dream wedding. Working with Becky & her team were excellent!! They made sure everything was easy for us especially since we are from Chicago. I highly recommend it to everyone who wants a wedding of their dreams!!. I am on the road all day and sometimes absolutely starving when lunchtime rolls around. I was in the vicinity of Graz. Such super friendly staff. Marcus asked me what I was in the mood for..I said salad in a sandwich. He described The Athena to me. Yum. SOLD!  He made a PERFECT sandwich! Bread was so fresh. Humus was really good. Side piece of watermelon and a Greek olive stopper. They sell my favorite Pelligrino waters too. Nice little local joint!. Yesterday we were exploring the downtown Scottsdale area and decided to eat here. I've been to the one in Chicago and knew that the food would be at the very least average. We each ordered the Bento Box lunch. I was blown away!!!! 

We got the onion soup, mixed green salad, grilled asparagus and grilled salmon on a bed of mashed potatoes. Everything was delicious and the perfect amount of food.. We went around 9pm and got some warm sesame bagels.  It was a pretty impressive operation, a mass of dough on the wooden table, and workers putting them on wooden planks, sticking them in the wood oven, boiling them, bagging them, etc.  It was a nice, chewy bagel, kind of tasted like a philly soft pretzel to me, but warm. it was yummy!  We got their sesame, garlic, and mixed bagels to go.. We found the coolest clutch made of ostrich feathers here and I used it in my wedding. Such a fun place with great things!. I recently moved to South Phoenix and have explored a few of the SM trails with my dogs. I've found that the trails are very sparsely populated on week nights, but weekends bring tons of traffic. 

Mormon trail has become my favorite, and I hike it 2 to 3 times a week. It's the most easily accessible trail (from Baseline, turn South on 24th street and it meanders to the trial's generous parking lot). The trail inclines right from the beginning, and there are very few flat parts. It's a GREAT cardio workout. The first several times I had to take a few breaks to catch my breath. It takes about 30 minutes (1 mile) to get to the part that loops to the National trail, which is where I turn around. There is usually a fair amount of traffic but everyone is super friendly. 

Kiwanis trail is lovely (accessed via Central, followed signs). It's in a "crack" between two hills, making it almost completely shaded, ideal in the summer. The shade also facilitates different plant life than on other trails. It ends with a "staircase" that would be great training for hiking the Canyon. It leads to the road that goes up to the top of the mountain. If you cross the road, you connect with Telegraph pass on the left, or you can hike to the hut on the right. 

I did Holbert Trail on Silent Sunday (access via activity center). It was packed, and we were constantly passing unleashed dogs, unicyclists, large families leisurely strolling, etc. We hiked about an hour up and reached a lovely summit. The trail itself was beautiful and somewhat challenging, but I would not recommend on a weekend if serenity is what you seek. 

Ranger trail is my favorite so far (access near Central/ mile marker 1). The views around sunset are amazing, and the switchbacks get your heart pumping, and really motivate you to see what's around the next corner. 

I walked Las Lomitas Loop (accessed where it intersected Ranger) for about an hour, and never found where it loops to. It was ok, lots of up and down rocky river banks, but doesn't vary much in elevation or go up the mountain (that I saw, anyway) so the views aren't as good as other trails. 

In February I hiked Alta trail. My first attempt I made it about 45 minutes up and didn't feel well and turned around. My second attempt I was eager to hike the whole thing, which is 4.5 miles! Including the .5 mile walk from the parking lot and up the closed road to the trail head, it was ten miles total. The first part is kind of boring and barren, but once you get to the top you can see the city on one side and the res on the other side. The trail wanders up and down and up and winds around the mountain side. I was thankful that I brought plenty of water and my headlamp as I hiked out in the dark. I was super sore but also super proud at this accomplishment. 

All of the trails are fairly well marked, well maintained, and often cross a road or two so it never feels remote (for a single woman, this is a benefit). 

Visit for maps and info: http://phoenix.gov/parks/hiksogud.html. I had to come try this place. I've known Jo for over 10 years and always support him in all he does. The food was incredible. Anna was amazing as a server as well as all the staff there. Will definitely be coming back. The green tea white chocolate dessert was delicious!!!. I have been looking around for a carpet cleaner for awhile and I am so glad that I chose Eco Fresh!! I haven't had my carpets cleaned in 3 years and now they look brand new!! He gave me a great deal and a thorough explanation on how everything works. Will be using them from now on!. In my opinion, this Grand Lux Cafe's food was not as good as the Cheesecake Factory's, but their service and atmosphere was better. For one visit, I think a 4 star rating is adequate for the food and service. I had a quesadilla and my mom had a shrimp basket. Both were good. The quesadilla was a little strange though. It was like a quesadilla that had the chicken and cheese between two soft pieces of bread, then there was a third hard piece of bread by itself.
 The service was fast and friendly. The atmosphere was more intimate and formal feeling than Cheesecake's. Most of the meals ranged between $10 an $25 and the portions were huge. This is a great deal in Vegas!. The left side of my iPhone screen was suddenly no longer sensitive. I figured this was something that could not be fixed and I am one of few who still has the unlimited data plan with Verizon which will go away as soon as I make any changes to my current plan. So, I lived with it for about 6 months. Finally I got so frustrated, I tried to find a way to purchase a new phone for less than $600+ without using my Verizon upgrade. This seemed to be an impossible feat. A friend told me to search for a local iPhone repair company to see if they might be able to help - in comes Mike to save the day! He was easy to communicate with and had a flexible schedule! He was on time and was able to take the whole thing apart, replace the broken piece and get it put back together in mere minutes - all for $75!!! Doesn't get much better than that! My iPhone is working like it is brand new once again :)

Thanks Mike! I will be sure to recommend you to anyone and everyone I know!. LOVE LOVE LOVE this mountain! Parking for both trails i've hiked on are a little tight. Echo Canyon Trail off of Tatum & McDonald is pretty hard. The parking lot used to be super small and if you had a bigger car then your luck of finding a parking spot was very slim. I've hiked that trail twice and I will tell you now if you're just getting into hiking I don't recommend hiking Echo Canyon trail! There is a ton ton of steps to get up the mountain and then when the steps end it is all uphill where you have to climb pretty moderate/small rocks to even to get to the first look out point. Getting down is even harder. The parking lot is currently being worked on so you can't even hike that trail right now so hopefully when they're done with all of the construction the parking lot will be bigger than before! The other trail, Cholla Trail, off of McDonald & Invergordon is way easy! Piece of cake! The first time I hiked this trail (And haven't hiked before that in 1 year) I made it to the first look out spot (very flat spot) in 5 minutes. That's how easy it is. To get to it you have to park on Invergordon road which requires to you to parallel park to either get in a spot or get out and the line of cars can get very long! You have to walk up a big hill (street) up Cholla St. which is a pretty big hill and almost can be a workout. But after you get up that the trail has a little steep part and then half of it is literally flat. Which is easy and prepares you for the little more of a steeper part of the trail. It's easy to get up but is a very good workout! I definitely recommend Cholla Trail because it is the easier trail on Camelback Mountain and easy for first time hikers!. Unfortunately, the most I've been here is during this football season.  Gets pretty crowded for the games, but a good crowd. Lots of tvs and seating.  The bartenders are really cool and very good about keeping your glasses filled.  Jason (bartender) is a huge Steelers fan so he makes watching the games fun. I usually get the wings and they are great about cooking mine longer to get them extra crispy.. Location was great for travelers.  It took us about 10 minutes to arrive from the rental car center at the airport. There are lots of restaurants and bars nearby. Mostly chainey though. Also walking distance to the baseball stadium and basketball arena. We arrived after 11pm and there were still tons of people still walking around. 

Lobby was modern and swanky looking.  The man at the front desk was very nice and checked us in quickly. Unlike the man at the front desk the next morning who acted like he couldn't be bothered to talk to us. 

We were in room 1722. Its a handicapped accessible room, so its larger, but the shower is a bit odd in that there's no tub and has just a curtain around it. Reminds of the showers at the gym. But there are lots of safety grab bars, to help keep you safe for all your showering activities ;-) 

Another downside to the room is its right next to the elevators and you can hear it every time it stops on the floor.

Also, parking is pricey.  $30 valet only.. A great tribute show for a reasonable price. Performers give a family-friendly show (some sexual innuendo but nothing bawdy) that entertains. Lots of Sinatra stills in the background and loads of great music. Enjoyable evening at Debbie Reynolds' former hotel.. Had an amazing experience at this place. Every dish was full of flavour abd served really warm. The place truly lives upto its hype. A small, hidden unimpressive looking restaurant run by a chinese family but the food is so delicious! We ordered spicy chicken which tasted fantastic. You can adjust your spicy level according to your taste and I would recommend ordering without bones. We also has sesame beef which was amazing. The beef was crispy yet super glazed with sweet sesame sauce. The dishes don't come with a side of rice so we ordered fried rice which was mediocre. But the chicken and beef truly won our heart and there's no doubt that we are coming here again! Also left a large tip for the only waitress (the daughter of the owner) who was waiting on ALL the tables on her own, can't imagine how successful it must be for her. Strongly recommend this place.. Such a cool atmosphere and great food late at night!  This place is a must when in downtown!. I Love Dales! This family owned business has been out here for years! I get the dogs food here all the time! Great service and I love the unique things that can be found in the store for clothing/gifts or home use!. I love the Venetian.  Ive stayed here many a times and havent had complaints.
Service, quality, gaming, food, entertainment, all covered.. The stuffed mushrooms and bacon wrapped dates were amazing!  The service made us feel as though we had been coming here for years. Definitely our new go to place for amazing Italian food!. Great service! Breakfast was tasty and you must try the coffee cake. Small local resturant with home feel.. I love coming here. I have an excellent eye doctor and he makes sure you're in and out pretty fast. As for the other side I paid for 2 year old prescription in my glasses instead of my new one.  All I got was an apology. I am getting a new pair and I hope it won't happen again.. AYCE Prime Rib for $9.99...the only reason we visit Mr. Lucky's. We have had several really bad experiences here involving them running of or not having any prime rib. In fact, we tried three separate times during this last year to get the prime rib special and they were out of prime rib. We had some unpleasant conversations with so many different restaurant and hotel management that we almost didn't even try on this last trip to Vegas, but we tempted fate and went to Mr. Lucky's...and surprise of surprises they had prime rib.

My partner in crime and I each had 3 large slabs of prime rib. It is not the best prime rib, but it is certainly acceptable for the price. The dinner also comes with mashed potatoes and veggies. Well worth the price but warning, they may be out of prime rib when you arrive.. This was my first time visitng Vegas and I have so much fun.  It was so hot to really enjoy yourself but the staff and hotel was great.  The rooms were comfortable and we had relaxing time.  I highly recommend staying here.. Basil is definitely the "GO-TO" place for Thai cusine in Charlotte. Visit after visit and it never lets you down!. AMAZING, every time. They make their own seltzer for their drinks, and it's amazing.. Please don't let the location turn you away. Wine 5 is one of the finer restaurants in Las Vegas. The food is amazing And the portions are generous. We have only been there for dinner, but can highly recommend the Taste of Nairobi, the pork chops, and the Kenyan meat extravaganza (sorry - forgot the name of it.) Such a great variety and the food is gourmet with a beautiful presentation and a fair price. 

The decor is very cute and the service is excellent and leisurely. I cannot say enough good things about Wine 5. They aren't usually busy, which is too bad. It certainly isn't a reflection on the restaurant or the food or service. I think the name is confusing because it doesn't mention Kenyan food or fine dining. Try it and you'll keep coming back.. I have a monthly unlimited membership here and I love this place. It's visually stunning and such a serene place to practice. The staff/owners are great and Shosh took great care in answering all my questions before my first time in the studio. I do wish there were a few more classes offered just time-wise but I love the classes they have and it really is a nice, warm place and it does feel like family.. I would definitely recommend this place if your pet needs to be seen urgently. The outcome can be a bit pricey and that's why I gave it one less of a star. As well as the facility not being the cleanest. We sat in a waiting room for hours with blood on the floor.
On the other hand... the staff is wonderful, compassionate, and quick to help as well as keeping you at ease. They all seem knowledgable which also helps leaving your friend at their care, especially if you can't be back there with them.. I study Geography at Edinburgh Uni, and so Brass Monkey is somewhat of a local of mine. After every deadline and exam, my friend and I totter up to Monkeys and sit all afternoon long.
It's a really cool pub, really relaxed and really nice to be in. They show movies all day and it's the sort of place you want to take your mum. It can get a bit crazy when it's busy, but on a nice afternoon there's nowhere I'd rather be for my G&T fix. Potatoes and beets on pizza! Say whaaaat???

But it happens here, and I must say, it's delicious! So do yourself a favor and try the Black and Gold pizza. I especially enjoyed the crispy potato parts of the pizza.

I also tried the Forest pizza, which came in a close second. It was loaded with mushrooms, onions and garlic. So remember your mints for later.

I really liked the crust. It wasn't as thin as I thought it would be and I like my crust a bit doughy. Was this a mistake because its supposed to be wood fire pizza? I don't know, but I enjoyed it!

I love the atmosphere in here, as they did a great job making it intimate inside. Can't wait to come back and enjoy a beer from their large list next time!. "Don't worry, it's only across the street." I think I've said that same line to about fifteen different people as we're walking "one block" across Las Vegas Blvd from the Palazzo to Fashion Show Mall. It does look close, what they don't realize is that with all the causeways and walkways and the fact it's 115 degrees outside and that we need to keep stopping to light cigarettes, finish our mojitos, and check our cell phones that are blowing up, that it will take 15 minutes to walk there.

RA Sushi is on the Wynn side corner of Fashion Show Mall, totally Vegas style, you've pretty much got a lot of what you want in there, and also a lot of what you don't. On the darker side in regards to lighting (note: beneficial information, darker means cooler temperature, bonus) the restaurant has a large sushi bar and wonderful glowing red orb light fixtures throughout giving it a modern yet Asian feel. There's always ample seating, my servers are gracious and usually totally hot (note for men: hot sexy waitresses serving sushi, not bad) and their outside area is where you'll find me and my crew.

Veggie gyoza potstickers with spicy sauce, super tasty miso soup (yes, sometimes there IS a difference), and beef skewers that just hit the spot. There's even a happy hour where drinks and sushi/appetizers are extremely inexpensive so we stock up before we hit the tables once again. The sake list is good, so you can get your drink on, and the mixed drinks aren't half bad at all. My sushi comes quickly and is always fresh. The fish is good and light, and the rolls creative and most on the larger side. You don't have to drop dollars and make it rain to eat like a rockstar here which is good, especially if you hit up Sushi Roku the night before and your 400 dollar bill isn't exactly what you were looking for to spend for lunch with your roll dawgs. 

My waitress hooked me and my girl up last time like superstars, and she's always taken care of me there. We tip well, they take care of us. Plus afterwards if you've gotten your buzz on as appropriate in Vegas, you can go shopping galore inside, walk back across the street (for the high rollers) and hit the Wynn, or do as we do: Plan ahead, wear our bikinis to go to the pool, desperately try to make it everyday, and instead end up sitting at the tables, playing like it's going out of style.. I had North Valley out to my house last week to do a full inspection and cleaning of my A/C.  

The technician spent a little over 2 hours at my house doing everything from going up in the attic to cleaning the unit outside.  The technician was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything to me.  For instance, I learned that every time a tech tests your refrigerant levels, they have to "steal" some in order to do the test.  So every test is decreasing the amount and causing your system to run low.  I had no idea!  This company was very straight forward and honest.

I signed up for their annual service contract.  It was one price and it covers 2 services per year.  I am definitely going to have them out again to make sure the furnace is working at its best this winter.. The portions here are huge! Usually, mongolian bbq places give you a tiny bowl and I find all kinds of ways to maximize the space but here I pretty much don't need to. (although I still do and I end up with 2 big takeout boxes. haha) besides that, they give you rice and soup. so it's a good deal.

I'll tell you my secret: first you unroll the frozen pieces of meat and you flatten them with your napkin. Cover the bottom of the bowl. then you line broccoli with the heads pointed out of the bowl all around the rim. This makes your bowl bigger. then you pile up everything else you want on top. haha. :D. So, what qualifies me to rave about this place?

I lived in the south for a long time, and have had BBQ of every variety- East Carolina,  the several variants of Georgia and Florida styles, Texas, Memphis, Cincinnati, St Louis, Arkansas, and KC style BBQ;  at places reknown and obscure, including the lamb barbeque served at Moonlite BBQ of Ownesboro, KY.  I don't think there's a genuine BBQ place up and down I-75/85/95 whose food I haven't sampled, having been married to a Southerner who insisted on trying them all.

I've eaten it off of china, paper and styro plates,  out of to go boxes, in red and white checked paper boats or plastic baskets lined with wax paper  and even served on a tray with compartments reminiscent of a prisoner's chow line  in Fayetteville, Georgia where it came standard with white bread, brunswick stew, bread and butter pickles, and nary a vegetable. I have eaten BBQ smoked on an open trailer pulled by a truck and sold only "to go," and on a roadside picnic table next to an enclosed trailer with a smoker out back on an undeveloped lot. On weekend nights, I have bought my BBQ curbside from someone smoking meat on the street in front of their house  in  a neighborhood of Daytona known as The Bottoms; a place where white folks like myself didn't go without a friend who was a local riding alongside me.  

At least a hundred different BBQ joints tried out over a span of ten plus years, and that was only after "prescreening" the places for authenticity. When I left the south, I thought I left real bbq for the rest of my life.  Not so any more.

 The meat here is sublime, cooked to perfection, and brimming with the flavor that only slow smoking and tender oversight can produce. The side dishes are the real deal- where else you going to get greens and mac and cheese from scratch?People whose idea of BBQ is Damon's, Tony Roma's, Chili's, and other chains won't get it, but true devotees always will.  If you want the genuine article, go to Memphis Best.

 Obviously Memphis Best offers something that no one else is putting out in the Valley.  Goodyear might not be the gastronomic epicenter of the Phoenix metro area, but it's worth the drive out to taste this food.  So, drive out to Goodyear, support your BBQ habit, support local business people, support a veteran who served his country and most of all support your soul with  authentic down home food in Maricopa County.. Sarah S and I discovered this place last week. She has never had Indian before so she was a little hesitant, but it smelled AMAZING outside and I convinced her to go in. They had a buffet that was mostly vegetarian (a plus for me), but also had some chicken, beef, and lamb dishes (mostly veg though). 

Everything was absolutely amazing. The paneer was extra cheesy and better/fresher than any I have ever had before, and everything was fresh. They close between lunch and dinner, so everything in the buffet is new at dinner time, which I like. 

This week the buffet is $6 (WOW!!), but it will be going up soon. So, check this place out!. What a wonderful staff!! A friend and I stopped by for dinner the other night just minutes before they were about to lock the doors. Realizing how late it actually was, we apologized and started to head back to the car. They insisted on having us stay and were so incredibly welcoming. The food was good, but it was the service and friendly staff that will have me making another visit sometime in the near future.  Next time of course, not so late.. I was looking for a good sushi place... after trying 3 others in the area I FOUND IT! the muscles are yummy and all the sushi we had was great! Service is a little flaky. I found it strange that they dont allow you to order 1/2 rolls here.. Awesome food, great spirit ,owners friendly ,satay great,#41 with beef and glass noodles with chicken yummy! Glad we stop and will make the trip from Cali again!
Been her twice now, and loved it!. 3.5 stars? My issues with Wynn management notwithstanding, the actual food at this buffet was great. My favorite dishes were the quinoa and brussel sprout salads, crab legs, rack of lamb, and charcuterie selection.

Note that traditional eaters who want the 'usual' buffet fare might be disappointed, as almost everything here has some kind of twist or modification to make it stand out from the pack.

Dessert selection kind of lacked the 'wow' factor I was expecting, although the tres leches and creme brulee were yummy. I didn't try the crepe station, a decision I now regret. :( 

The lines were really out of control. 45 minute wait in the regular line and 20 minute wait in the 'VIP' line. Although, it's not their fault they're popular.

My only real complaint is the service. Our waitress seemed depressed and was very inattentive, visiting only once to give us our drinks and another time to refill them, never asking if we needed anything else or how our meal was going. The bulk of our service came from the busboys, a pattern repeated at the Wynn's other restaurants during our stay.. I've had my fair share of massages. From the lotion slathered open air beach massage of the Dominican Republic, to the rushed barely 50 minute massage courtesy of the company dime...most of my experiences were pleasant, but not absolutely awesome, need to go back next week kind of thing. 

Paulie is the kind of guy I'd write home about. And the Spa Bellagio is the kind of place I'd make a point to revisit on my next trip to Vegas. 

I went into my appointment thinking about how much I just wanted to put my head down, relax and enjoy 50 simple minutes of silence while I anticipate the cramped cross country flight home. But Paulie drew me out of my shell (ok, who are we kidding - it doesn't take much to get me to talk.....), and asked a lot of open ended questions about how I spend my day. He then started to assess what types of muscle tension I may have, and really worked those muscles. 

I wasn't really prepared for the sports massage type therapy I received, but it was the best thing I needed to relieve my sore, fatigued, post marathon muscle pain. I left feeling extremely relaxed, and look forward to my next visit to Vegas. 

The spa itself is very clean, inviting, and well kept. The steam room was eucalyptus scented, and was the perfect way to relax post massage. Pricey, but I gained more than I would have dumping it into a slot machine.. Great service and great communication.  Had a task that I could not do for my laptop and he not only helped me but did a lot of extras with a flat rate fee.  Definitely will use his services again.. Fry's.  Been around Phoenix  long time.  My mother used to think they had the best meats and would make a separate trip for that.  Now they are Kroger and took over the Smitty's, Smith's, Fred Meyer franchise.  I have been going to this store in all it's incarnations since we moved into this neighborhood 18 years ago.  It has all the goods a supermarket does and the layout is good and similar to other Fry's.  Prices are good even though we all live to bitch about the price of food.  They have great specials and the store brand us good and we like the proximity to home.  We used to avoid the first Wednesdays of the month because it is Senior Day.  Now we are over 50 and make a special trip on Senior Day to get our 10% discount!  The joys of getting older.  Fry's is our store. Awesome college coffee shop to check out here in Tempe. Just to much was going on here for me to study, but a wonderful place to grab a cup of quality and enjoy a good conversation.. Consistently great Thai food! Order your food's spiciness on a scale of one to ten, and they always know to put just the right amount. I don't really have one specific favorite dish bc I love them all. However, you must try the pin kapow (chicken), red curry, pad Thai with shrimp and their Tom yum soup. For the red curry, I usually skip the meat and ask for extra zucchini. A bowl of steamy hot rice complements this red curry like no other. Excellent service whether you're dining in, picking up or drive thru!. I love the new gluten free and vegan bread section! While I still enjoy Whole Foods, I think there's less incentive to shop there now that there's so many gluten free options at this location. 
There's always a great selection of fresh produce, beer, and Lakewood Juice. Customer service is always great and everyone always seems happy. When a worker is stocking the shelves, they great everyone and ask if they need assistance. Some may argue that this type of customer service should always happen, but I find it to be rare.. MY NAME IS LAURA AND I'M A JEWELLERY-HOLIC! 

Joolz is a weakness of mine...it had the most amazing silver jewellery made with every semi precious gemstone you can think of! I'm a bit of a boho chick and love unusual chunky rings, elaborate earrings, turquoise bracelets etc. and this place is my heaven. It's like a huge treasure chest! They import jewellery from all over the world including Morocco, India and Canada so you're guaranteed to get one-off pieces that grab attention.

Go & spend my fellow yelpers..... This is my favorite buffet in Vegas, basically if you there is anything you feel like eating, they probably have it! Everything from fresh seafood to dim sum. This place definitely will not disappoint. 
 
When you're ready for desserts you'll feel like a kid in a candy store. 

I ate myself into a food coma and had to take a nap after.. Dutch Bros over Starbucks any day! I love coming to Dutch Bros! The staff is always so upbeat and friendly! Even if the line looks long they are usually pretty fast to pump out drinks and still give great service.   The prices are better than Starbucks and you get way more bang for the buck which is always a plus! So happy i finally live down the street from a Dutch Bros!!!. I thought that the menu was hard to understand what the dishes were exactly about because it was full on Spanish!

We got their Paella, which was the most recognizable word out of all the Spanish words on the menu.   They should have a English friendly menu since that is the dominant language in the States!

Their Paella tasted great after a pool party in the same place - Marquee!  We ordered up their freshly sliced up sausage.  It was fatty good!  They even showcase the whole, salted meat at the kitchen side as a display!

You can tell that this place is all about using fresh, whole ingredients and serving it in tapa, small sized!  Bring a good number of people so you can taste the variety that they offer!

Next up, was their tossed up spinach salad and then grilled steak on top of cooked bell peppers.  So-so for both.  We got their garlic chicken and that was alright too.  Pretty pricey, but you get what your pay for! 

Their signature dish that stood out the most - Gambas Al Ajillo!  Thank goodness we asked the waitress what to recommend!  Their cooked shrimp with the bomb, red sauce was simply amazing!  Don't waste a drip of that sauce!  Pour it over the Paella and it is surely a delight!

Service was good and the restaurant was modern and spacious!  The only thing I request for is a English menu, por favor!. Love the Halo Halo!  Love their food too.   I think we come here at least once a week =). How could anyone not like this place? They have 25+ flavors of ice-cream and the prices are reasonable. 
They even have dairy-free options. 
I'm not an ice cream connoisseur, so perhaps the texture isn't perfect, but it's ice cream and it's good.. I usually enjoy my time at Fratellis and today was no different. I love the lasagna
(they make it fresh!) and the blackened salmon on Cesar salad is awesome. 
I'm sad to see the dining room somewhat empty most of the time as I really like this place. 

try the veal, salmon, or Hawaiian pizza (my absolute favorite!) they make it with their homemade Alfredo sauce. the only place I know of around that does that without it being a 'special order'. 

I will definitely keep visiting and I hope to see more people there next time.. Excellent foods and service. The portions are pretty big and there are a lot of good food definitely comes with a group and do family style. Vila Algarve is a great new family owned restaurant I visited on a whim. The waitress was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu filled with Portugese and Mediterranean specialties, and the owner was eager to please. I was amazed by the low prices, especially considering the quality and freshness of ingredients (non-chewy grilled calamari and ruby red, non-pithy tomatoes). The atmosphere leaves something to be desired as the dining room is huge with more tables than you can imagine being filled, but I will definitely be back to try more of their yummy food.. Good bento. The sauces are great, love that they give you several to try. Good take out.. Best boba place in Vegas.. My containers were disgusting since I moved in.  Finally got them cleaned.  (Thanks Alycia Stark for the recommendation!)

I hired Squeaky Clean Bin to come clean and sanitize my containers today.  You can have them do a one time cleaning, or they have cost saving packages for monthly cleanings.  Can't tell you how impressed I was with this business.  It was such a great idea, all contained in their trailer, no dirty water running down the street.  Very honest business man here, and I WILL be using them again!

Call Rafael Fernandez at (480) 646-0460.  Or their website is www.squeakycleanbin.com 

They were prompt, emptied my recycle container as the recycle truck hadn't come yet, were friendly, professional, and so respectful.  Awesome guys! 
You won't be sorry if you try them.. We were meeting a friend here for lunch and wow, i didn't know it was a chain!  Apparently, they're almost all on Rainbow.  

So is this Vegas' Noodle World? I think so. 

Likes:
Servers' outfits are traditional Thai clothes :)
Servers are friendly
Food's good; decent portions
Nicely decorated, clean
Quiet atmosphere (when we went, anyway)
Scale of 1-10 (for how spicy you want your food) is convenient

Gripes:
Kinda pricey! $10 for a Pad Kee Mao!?
Scale of 1-10 (for how spicy you want your food) is  inconsistent depending on the plate.

Well, the likes outweigh the gripes. I'd come back for more.  :D. I was pleasantly surprised and kind of loved the pool at Bally's. It was not laden with douchebags and ho's, which was a plus. It was a really laid back, comfortable attitude there. The music was kind of random, but it worked. With two pool areas, it was never overcrowded, and the cocktail waitresses were pretty awesome. Try the wet dream cocktail...YUM. Yes, the big one is $19, but it's the best damn wet dream you'll ever have.. Sometimes, I hate being a girl. Like when you go into a hardware store and describe the doohickey that attaches to the thingie, and you get this look of pity from the staff.  I never have to worry about that at this Ace. The are always friendly, I can explain what I'm trying to do and wave random broken parts at them, and someone will figure it out.  Even if the person I find isn't the right person, they will make sure you get taken care of.. Great dealer. Honest employees and a great service department. The finance guy we dealt with was honest with us and told us all of our options, including the ones that didn't make him more money. Our sales person gave me a great offer on my trade and I was able to get the advertised monthly price with no arguments at all. Their service department is always friendly and does good work. The service department can take a long time, I would guess because they are very busy (based on the number of people I've seen in the waiting room) so I would suggest making an appointment or dropping the car off and planning to pick it up later. I'll definitely be buying my next Honda here.. What's not to like about the Squirrel Cage?  It's not a theme bar, you'll not find any cheesy decor or anything fancy that matter.  It's simply a great neighborhood place.  As other posters say, it's a place to have good, cheap, greasy food and a beer (okay, so I'm primarily a non-drinker).  It's a great place to people watch too because here you see people as they really are.  They come here and they act like themselves and aren't putting on an act like at some lame club.. Great food! Great atmosphere! Great prices! We found this place walking through the forum shops and it was perfect. There are a couple other restaurants nearby that are more expensive and a more limited menu. The food here was great and flavorful. My coworker got the mushroom lasagna and it was delisssssshhhhhh! It was rich but in a good way. I had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was very flavorful and fresh. Definitely recommend.. It's like Black Friday...EVERYDAY!  

Visiting Phoenix, I had to check this place out, as I heard it can be an experience...and an experience it was!  So this place is your last chance items from Nordstrom, then Nordstrom Rack, then it goes here...Last Chance!  

We were told to go early so you don't miss out on the best items.  Our group of girls got there about 30 mins early, and people were already waiting outside!  What was pretty cool was that they had some clothes and shoes outside the store so you're not just waiting around completely bored and anxious to get in.

Finally, when the doors opened it was a mad stampede into the store.  People running to their areas of choice, and there was a little pushing and shoving.  I wanted boots, but got distracted by handbags.  Well I didn't care for any of the handbags, so I moved on.  Needless to say I left the place with 6 pairs of shoes, and spent only $150!   That averages out to about $25 a shoe!  Included in my buy were Cole Haan, Steve Madden, Sam Edelman, Jessica Simpson and more.  I was too exhausted to check out much more...but I was quite happy!  

Will I come again?  Most definitely!  It takes some energy, but it was fun.  Just some advice, just make sure to fully inspect your item.  Look for tears, makeup stains, knicks, etc.  Also be safe, no bargain is worth fist fighting for or getting hurt over.  

(Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #30/31. The salon is in the shopping plaza do when following gps know that the face of the store would look into n scottsdale road but is on the far side. It is very cute salon, small but not too small. Love the rose petals in the pedicure and the pedicure area is nice that it's separated. I selected the full hr pedicure and it was very good. I also received a gel manicure. The staff was very friendly and seemed to be close friends with many of their clients- made me feel welcomed. Did a great job on the manicure. Had some issues with the color drying and she tried to correct it with top coat. She offered to redo the "odd" drying but it was so minor I barely could see it so I declined it but appreciated she offered to fix it- esp when the error wasn't even her doing. Would go back.. Our first time here and we were thoroughly impressed. Great service and atmosphere. Very reasonably priced food and drinks. Oyster shooters are a must. No complaints. Everything was great. The Pineapple Upside Down Cake is delicious! We will definitely be back.. Absolutely love this place! It's great for date night or even a night with the kids! It is by far my favorite place for sushi everything is always fresh and delicious we eat here 1-2 times a month!!! A must try!!. This place is a great neighborhood bar with a separate side for the restaurant. It's also family owned which is always a plus in by book! 

I've been here too many times to count and have tried over half of their menu. They have the best wings! I like mine pretty hot and I still go with medium here. Their antipasti salad is a must try, with the house Italian dressing. My least favorite thing on the menu is actually the pizza. It's pretty good, just not one of my favorites. All of their pasta dishes are good and I love their soups. 

And for dessert, don't miss the pullokie!!!. I was looking forward to trying this place out all weekend!

After having drinks all day and night, I really wanted something bad.. real bad for me..

I decided to order a Planet Hollywood dog.  This had bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, and nacho cheese on top of a polish dog.  Let me tell ya, It was exactly what I was craving.  It was a bit on the salty side though.  I was already dehydrated enough, the bacon was real salty... and I love salty things ;)  Other than that, i've never had a hot dog so yummy and so big!  I couldn't finish it.

The wait wasn't too bad when we came and actually getting our dogs didn't take long either.  I liked the environment, it was fun and exciting.

I'll probably come back here when I have a huge appetite and I haven't done my make-up.  By the end of eating your dog, you've wiped off all the nacho cheese that's gotten on your face and your freshly put on make-up!. My husband and I came here while waiting for our table at Postinos. We absolutely love this coffee shop! We got to talk to the owners who are awesome! They were so friendly and told us a lot about the history and the business. Highly recommend!!. I've been sick off and on since October 2014, two visits to Urgent Care facilities and one to my family doc.  
The staff at this facility is courteous and the physician was spot on!
I highly recommend this Urgent Care.. I come here a lot with my mom and the food is delicious. However, I came on the 24th for lunch and the chicken was cold and burt at the bottom.. I'll keep this short. Basic dry cleaners. Convenient location next to Albertson's. Normal pricing. $2.50 for basic blouses, more $ for heavier articles of clothing. I got 3 winter coats and a pair of slacks cleaned for $27. They also have a person that does alterations on clothing. To get my pants shortened was only $9. Everything is ready to be picked up within 3-4 days. That is all. 

P.S. If you leave your items over 30 days, it gets donated. They are not responsible for your forgetfulness.. Good food. It was difficult ordering for some of the people in my party. I wish they made things easier for people with dietary restrictions to order. Although the food was good and the staff was very friendly!. We had a wonderful time.  We were visiting Pittsburgh for a family funeral and needed somewhere near the funeral home to have a small family dinner.  They were super accommodating.  I think we changed the reservation 3 or 4 times because of head counts and timing issues and they were so nice about it and patient.  We asked for the dinner menu (even though we were seated at lunch time) and they accommodated that.  We were placed in their private dining room upstairs which was very nice (but not requested).  Our server was AMAZING.  She was patient and so accommodating to our large, loud and disorganized group.  We ordered a large group of appetizers and they were all wonderful.  The shrimp and grits, PEI Mussels, and lamb meatballs were all full flavored, well prepared and a great way to start the meal.  My sister-in-law and cousin both had the Soup of the Day (a lamb soup) and it was delicious.  At the table we had: Banana Leaf Steamed Lamb, Scallops, Scottish Salmon, the Burger, and Hanger Steak.  Everyone essentially licked their plates clean.  All of the food was cooked PERFECTLY.  I ordered my steak MR and it was, my husband ordered his burger MR and it was.  The scallops and salmon were a nice medium rare to medium.  Again, no complaints in the food department.  The service was also spot on.  We had all of the pre-sets at the table that we needed.  The server kept all drinks refilled and anticipated our needs.  We were also not rushed out at all.  We ended up getting coffee and dessert and both were good.  Multiple people got crème brulee and they all liked it.  We would go back and we would recommend to others.  We live in Tampa, so to us the prices were incredibly affordable.  We are willing to spend a little more money for fresh, great food and that is what we got.. Though there are many other Sumits Yoga studios around the country, this particular studio is brand new to Vegas. I found them through the Groupon they offered for 20 classes for $35 and it was too good of a deal to pass up. I've been to 6 classes so far, so I thought it'd be time to write a review!

I can't vouch for how this studio compares to other Bikram/hot yoga studios in Vegas, but I've done hot yoga before in San Diego and I loved it. This studio is located in the Village Square shopping center, near Bachi Burger (its so hard to not want to eat there afterwards!). Right now they only offer one class, which is a mix of Vinyasa and Bikram. It involves several flows, and the pace is perfect. The 80 minutes fly right by! The class is great for everyone, from the yoga newbie to the advanced. I consider myself beginner/intermediate, and I'm able to go into all the poses just fine. I am nowhere close to being able to do a headstand, or any of those intense balancing poses on your arms, and there is no pressure to do so. All of the instructors are great and so nice, and they're all consistent since it is only one type of class.

And yes, it is hot yoga, so it is done in a heated humidified room. I want to say the temp is in the 90s. I personally find the heat relaxing, and between series/flows they will open the doors and let the room cool down. They also play music! For the harder flows, they mostly play Top 40, which I don't really care for, but it's upbeat and will give you that surge of energy to get through it.

I like it because since they are new, the classes aren't crowded (to the point where someone else's sweat is dripping on you). They offer 3-4 classes a day, depending on the day of the week, but be sure to check the schedule online first because it can change! Also, don't try coming more than 15 minutes before a class (like I did the first time), because the studio is closed between classes and you'll get stuck wondering if you're at the right place.

I'm sure once they are well on their feet, they will start offering more classes, which is why I can't give them 5 stars yet.

They offer great specials for new members, but to commit is a big expense that I'll have to think about. I really do enjoy it, and I highly recommend that everyone check it out! It's a great workout you won't regret!. My daughter Susan  was married at the Regency Garden this past weekend and it was the day I hoped and imagined for her and her husband. Chris is just delightful to work with. Regency does everything for you and keeps everything running smoothly. We used all the preferred vendors and because they work so often with Chris pretty much everything was like clock-work- -smooth and seamless. A few minor, very minor things occurred but the staff at Regency knows how to handle everything so professionally that you don't panic- you feel confident that everything will be just fine (and it was). Chris is delightful to work with. He is calm, personable and his attention to detail is amazing. The venue is so gorgeous- it was charming and elegant and just perfect for my daughter and our family. The sound system is amazing. I love all the details such as the waterfalls, twinkle lights, fresh scents, music system, layout of the facility, ambiance inside the venue, etc. etc.  I can't say enough good things about this place. It was also affordable so the wedding my Susan dreamed of her whole life could come true! Thank you Regency Garden!. Food was very good but service not so much. It was very busy, and after they brought us the wrong check twice, the 3rd time it was right and the waiter told us 3 people called out sick. 
We will try again but hopefully next time will get better service  30 minutes to pay your bill is not good. The Hard Rock was a great hotel....  The food was great (everything we ate there was so good), the rooms were awesome, the atmosphere was spot on!  The only 2 downsides were that it's not close enough to the strip where you can just walk.  Trust me... we tried and it took us almost 40 min; granted my friend walks slow, however, the map showed it was only 2 blocks away, they failed to include the 5 blocks that are within each "block" and these are long blocks.  The maps are not to scale at all.  We took a cab to and from the strip which ran us $10 each way.  The second downfall was the whole Rehab thing... My friend emailed them a week or so before we got there and asked how much to go and they said around $20 for ladies and $50 for guys.  When we went to check in the lady told us that it's only that price if you are staying Sunday night and you spend a minimum of $100 (which includes the room, so that would have covered it if we stayed Sunday night too), however, we left that day.  She said that it would be $100 per person to go, sorry, but NO party is worth paying $100 just to get in.  So if you are staying there and want to go to Rehab, don't forget to stay Sunday night too.. Absolutely love this restaurant! The menu is overwhelming but I love the variety. 

My favorite drink is the Georgia peach! Although i didn't taste much alcohol in it but it's delicious!

I use to only order the Navajo sandwich which has chicken, avocado, tomato, onions, lettuce in a fry bread. But then I started ordering the MISO SALMON. & Oh my goodness!!! My new favorite dish. Salmon was cooked to perfection, very moist, and was on top of a bead of rice. Surrounding the rice was some kind of creamy white sauce which was amazing and compliments the dish very well, along with chikapeas. I asked the server what sauce it was and she said its some kind of lemon sauce which didn't taste like it at all. Seemed like it has some mayo in it mixed with something else. My mom said it tasted like it had some coconut cream in it. I'll have to ask the server again.

I highly recommend the miso salmon!!

& of course the love the bread and butter :). I've read the reviews and here is my take:

I've been coming to this Youfit for about a year and a half. I personally love it and feel that what I pay for it is a steal. I rotate Youfit and Gold's Gym downtown throughout the week (depending on my workout buddy). What I truly appreciate about Youfit is that it is very spacious and I NEVER have to wait for a machine. The gym is never packed and is squeaky clean the majority of the time. It has all the machines and weights I need, and they are always available (unlike other gyms). I personally like the layout of the gym, it makes it feel less claustrophobic. The staff is always sweet and friendly. Everyone at this gym is there to work out and I always feel comfortable here. There is always someone cleaning around. The locker rooms are not fancy, but if you do not use them much it will not affect your workout. Yes there is an annual fee, but even with the fee the membership is worth it. I don't understand why Youfit gets such a bad rap on Yelp. I go a few times a week and love this place. There are no classes, pool, sauna ect. Just machines and weights to get your workout on. If you are looking for a place to grind and meet fitness goals, this place is great. Go Youfit :). Just finished with my first appointment here. Staff was super nice and I was in and out in 30 min. I saw Stephanie the PA who I followed from another office. She is amazing, always takes her time and remembers specifics about my life. It feels like catching up with a friend whenever I see her.  Would definitely recommend. Came out on a holiday, was super friendly, and didn't rip me off!  What more could a girl ask for?! I highly recommend you use them for your locksmith needs.. Yummy yummy wings.. Atrias was excellent! The service was wonderful and provided great recommendations, location and outdoor seating was beautiful, and the food was glorious! I would recommend the Fish Tacos as a perfect summer dish.. Absolument fan des Bar BQ !
C'est d'ailleurs la seule chose que nous y mangeons ! Ils retirent le centre de table et déposent une sorte de plancha en forme de chapeau chinois. Puis ils viennent cuisiner devant vous les plats sélectionnés. Cela vient avec une soupe, et plein de mini plats remplis d'"apéro".
Pour info : la demi salade servie permet de faire des nems ! On pose du riz, de la viande, des légumes, et de la sauce piquante dedans. Puis on roule tout ça et on mange !! Nous avons découvert cela en regardant manger les gens qui y viennent (tous d'originie asiatique !).
Nota : ne pas s'arrêter à la vitrine de supermarché et à la déco kitsch au possible ;). Very rarely do I stop at a restaurant that looks even remotely like a fast food joint but Groupon lured me here. All I can say, that's the best Groupon purchase I have ever made :-) this place rocks! The food is amazing, the owner is fantastic, and the service is impeccable.. We were looking for a place to have brunch that didn't have a 45 minute wait or more on Easter Sunday (yeah right).  We were going to try out Mr. Mama's,  but they were closed and we're just going go drive over to the Cracked Egg, Egg & I, or something similar.  As I was driving up Russell, I looked over and saw Bachi HLK and we decided to head there instead. I guess the word isn't out yet that this place has delicious food because there were only two other tables with customers besides ours. I was surprised that they weren't busy for Easter brunch.  Kinda stinks for them, but awesome for me and my family.  They've only been open for about a week or so. 

We were promptly seated, of course, by our server Matt. He gave us our menus and explained a few things in the menu to us.  He came back with waters for us to drink and took our additional drink order as well as appetizers. Hubs and daughter shared the beignets. The menu has so many delicious dishes on it that it took us a little longer to figure out what we wanted. I was torn between the 36 hour short rib loco moco or the shrimp and grits. I asked Matt and he suggested the loco moco. Hubs got the flaxseed coconut pancakes and our daughter got the waffle. 

Our food came out soon after we ordered. The waffle and pancakes come with your choice of whipped butter or almond butter. You also get a choice of syrups. They have maple,  coconut and blueberry. Hubs chose the whipped butter and maple. Daughter chose almond butter and maple. The pancakes were a decent size and came as a 3 stack. The waffle was the size of a plate. They both enjoyed their choices.

What can I say about my short rib loco moco?  It was so delicious!  It came with 2 eggs (over easy as Matt suggested), fried rice, orange lentil gravy and the short rib. Matt gave me a steak knife for the short rib, but I didn't need it. The short rib was so tender. I used my fork to break it apart. The fried rice was good and the eggs were cooked perfectly. The orange lentil gravy is different from the typical loco moco brown gravy,  but was a refreshing change. The gravy had orange lentils in it and was reminiscent of bbq baked beans, but not as thick. I mixed the egg, rice, gravy and a piece of meat together. I could still taste everything separately,  but it all worked well together. 

Service was stellar. Matt didn't hover, but checked on us a couple times during our meal. The manager came to our table to talk with us and give us a to go menu as well.  We will definitely be back. Only down side of this place is that they do not offer bottomless mimosas/bellinis like a place up the road on Fort Apache. That is not worth bringing it down a star; just merely a hint/suggestion. =) We'll be back!!. A couple weeks ago I wrote a review regarding a very negative experience my husband and I had at this establishment.  I was contacted by Richard and he was extremely courteous and pleasant to speak with.  We went over what had happened and he said he would love to invite us back and send us a gift certificate via postal service.  I gave him my work address to ensure someone could sign for it.  About 40 minutes later I was asked for at the front desk.  Mr. Richard took the time out of his day to hand deliver the envelope to me. While I do not work far from the restaurant,  I am highly impressed.  When a business shows an interest in their client,  no matter how big or small they will thrive, and I am more than willing to give my business to one such as this.   I am looking forward to my next visit in the near future.. I love the Joint. You never wait more than ten minutes for an adjustment with no appointments necessary. Great doctors and friendly staff!. I've come here about 3 times had had different experiences depending on the night. (all good, just know what your looking for. 

The team is modern, edgy and everything is oversized. They have a lot of the usual games you would play at a backyard bbq, or dive bar: darts, corn-hole, shuffle-board, beer pong. but everything is giant sized. for instance instead of red cups on a table, they use trashcans painted red+ a volleyball instead of a ping-pong ball. It's really fun and all free. 

I ordered food, because I was drunk and hungry, but wasn't that impressed so I would stick with the beer and games. 

on tuesday nights, you have people lounging on the giant beanbags studying with the free wifi. mellow music plays you can do whatever game you want.

Fridays, and saturdays its crammed full of people. They play club music inside, and have live bands out back in front of a silverbullet camper.

Definitely recommend this place if you don't want to spend a lot of money, but still want to have a good night. Kelly M. is amazing!! I'm so sad I'm moving when I finally found a stylist that does hair right. She took her time and explained every step she was doing. I was nervous getting color and a Brazilian blowout before my wedding, but I'm so happy I went to her!! I seriously haven't stopped getting compliments and I really feel like she genuinely cared about making my hair better than before.  And she was as nice/sweet as she was professional! Definitely recommend!. Decided to branch out while we were in Scottsdale, and hubs wanted to try this place.  I okay'd it based on Yelpers.  Front of house staff were so kind and accommodating, and the service didn't end there.  Bradley - thank you for all your suggestions.  You perfectly timed the courses, helped with the wine decision, and were simply great.

When I looked at the menu a Chopped Salad was listed so I asked.  Turns out the chef at CPH was the chef at Cowboy Ciao who developed the Chopped Salad.  As far as we could discern both salads were identical and equally delicious.  Hubs and I shared the Scallops and Buttermilk Chicken.  Scallops were perfectly seared and served over corn grits w/bacon that were the lightest I've ever eaten.  The boneless chicken - difficult to cook and not dry out - was so tender and moist, served with Brussels sprouts and succotash, a great combo over the typical (or what I serve) mashed potatoes.  

The only negative I would add is that this place is LOUD, and could definitely use some noise mitigation.  

Absolutely no room for dessert, we waddled back to our hotel.. SURF RIDER AND KAUAI CHICKEN is a must try!!! Now I know what's with all the "hype"!!! This place is sooo delicious! and the best part is, the service was sooo great! :D Our server, forgot his name, entertained us and told us some pretty cool stories about the island :D which was pretty cool and was very attentive.. If six stars were an option, that would be my rating for Dr. Day.

I have seen Dr. Day on three different occasions, for three separate procedures.  My first visit was to have the shattered remains of a wisdom tooth removed, after a botched attempt by another dentist.  Quick, easy and painless - in a matter of minutes, the horrible pain from raw nerve endings was gone, and I was on the road to recovery.

My second visit was to have a scary, fatty blob of tissue removed from my inner gum.  I was scared and nervous - and Dr. Day was calm, reassuring and professional.  Fatty blob gone, all was well!

My third visit was this past week.  One of my molars literally broke in two, leaving exposed nerves and unimaginable pain. Dr. Day's office was amazing - they squeezed me in IMMEDIATELY after I called their office, and Dr. Day removed what was left of the fractured tooth.

This entire office is friendly, professional, and I have recommended Dr. Day to numerous friends over the years.  HIs manner is calm and relaxed, yet he is exceedingly competent and professional....especially for those of us with a lot of anxiety about sitting in the dentist's chair. 

I have another tooth that needs attention soon, and I can't imagine going to another oral surgeon to have the work performed. 

Cheers!
:-). I love this place!! The waiter -short male--is so friendly!! The best item on the menu is the chicken fajitas!! The best I'd ever had. It was worth the money.. Thank YOU Trimbody Summerlin! Shout out to Arriane who helped me and my friends lose a lot of body fat in a few weeks. I am at my lowest weight and I feel amazing! Everyone in that branch is awesome! I live you Trimbody MD Summerlin. I love this store, granted I love paul frank merch. 

I went here after getting turned away at beach club across the way (review to be posted later).I didnt know about this store, til a coworker had mentioned it. I wanted his PF Frames.
 I like the fact that I was greeted right as I walked in.The integrity of the store is showed by the staff. By greeting me, they got my vote and had my business. The staff was friendly and asked if I needed anything to let them know. 
Cute lil store, I wish it was a lil bit bigger. If I had the pocket change to purchase stuff, i'd go bonkers.. Me and my boyfriend came here last minute and nothing but great things to say about the food and the service . Our waiter Kurt was very informative and friendly ! We will def be back !. I really enjoyed doing my nails here! Typical prices for manicures/pedicure ($12 mani, $25 pedicure or $35 for both). They were fast though they do try to just file down your nails. I asked for mine to be trimmed. Overall, it was nice (not amazing), but I enjoyed the service. I'd go back! Seemed clean with sterilized equipment. Since they are downtown, they give you free parking at the lot across the street (for services that are $10 or more). You have to pay for it first and they will give you a discount in your bill.. Love the food here! They buffalo style fried shrimp they have on happy hour is so good. Drinks are also good. Service is either hit or so-so. But I have yet to have a bad visit yet.. This hotel and spa is awesome! The staff is extremely welcoming, friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and included some extra touches that make a guest feel very well treated. The Westin provides an in room coffee maker that includes Starbucks coffee pods and Tazo tea. Very nice when you first wake up. The Westin Heavenly Bed is exactly that: Heavenly! We slept great during our entire stay. We had the breakfast buffet at Suede every morning and the food was delicious.

The hotel is close enough to The Strip to easily join the action that is Las Vegas and far enough away to be a refuge from it for those seeking a quiet, relaxing stay. It's the perfect "stay-cation" hotel for Las Vegas locals. We will definitely stay here again in the future.. Love, love, love, love, LOVE! I could not get over the sheer amount of space in this dog park! I entered from the far end near the dogs under 20lbs section and was shocked to see how many sections there were for dogs over 20lbs- it just kept going. Everyone was very friendly, and the dogs were all very social and well behaved. One section was very busy which made me uneasy at first- but there was no issues at all. All the dogs played together in harmony. There is plenty of water for the dogs, and benches for owners to sit while their dogs play. Such a great space, I would give it ten stars if I could.. Big family fun! The lights were impressive and they have a radio station you can turn in to hear holiday music. They even offer you coloring books, mints, hot chocolate and water (for $2) when you enter.. I definitely feel like family every time I step into SoHo.  My husband and I always dine at the bar.  We have frequented this restaurant so often that Chef Tay, Chef John, and the entire SoHo staff know what our usual orders comprise of and cater our meal towards our likes.  The quality of the fish is always above our expectations.  The O-toro, yellowtail and salmon kama, and ikura with quail eggs are a must to try.  Since discovering SoHo, I never stepped foot in another sushi joint in town.. This hidden gem is tucked away in the heart of downtown Glendale. Little Saigon is a very small restaurant and does not seat too many patrons at one time. When we went in, there was a couple leaving and we got their table, the last table available. There were only a couple of people working in the restaurant, but they were very efficient in getting drink & food orders, answering any questions, etc.

After a glance over the menu, I knew I was in the mood for some fried rice so I decided to get a grilled chicken plate and substituted for fried rice. My date got the most filling pho soup per recommendation from our waiter. I'm not a huge fan of pho, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it. He said he'd definitely recommend it since it was flavorful and had a lot of meat; like our waiter said, it was very filling. As far as the rice dish goes - my only complaint about the chicken is that it was a very fatty piece. The fried rice however was really good. When we go next, I'd ask if I can get just the fried rice because it was the best thing on the plate, along with an order of the egg rolls. I might try one of the stir-fry noodle dishes as well.

The food & service was good, so we'll be back here in the future!. Excellent mani pedi today with Lina. I almost fell asleep during my pedi it was so relaxing. I got a basic mani and pedi and you get hot stones and hot towels as others have mentioned just with the basic pedi. My nails came out clean and very nicely polished. This is a really nice nail salon that I would recommend to anyone.. I love this coffee bean and tea leaf... I was so excited when I moved here and drove by it. I was a little worried there wouldn't be one and i would only get it when I go to Malibu to visit family. 
The staff is super friendly I always get a iced non fat vanilla latte... Mmm super delicious best out of all coffee shops hands down. Great fried chicken if you get it while it is hot.. this cart is either found on library mall or on the capitol square for the farmer's market. I don't know where they're hiding the rest of the time. look for the all-red food cart. 

GREAT breakfast food! the farmer's crepe (i think that's what it's called) is a corn-based crepe with breakfast-burrito ingredients inside, fresh salsa and avocado and everything! savory ingredients with a slightly sweet crepe = yummy combo. 

i think everything here is home-made. including awesome biscuits, which they do breakfast sandwiches on, with a superb horseradish sauce. little bit messy and drippy, but sooo worth it!. My absolute favorite hotel on the strip to stay in! I am a total rewards member so they comp rooms for me. I have stayed in all of the Caesars properties but truly love this one. It's in the middle of the strip so everything you want to see is sooo close. The restaurants are all amazing! So many choices. The miracle mile is a great place to shop for all budgets! The rooms are so nice. We always have a great view. Beds are comfortable! But the deep soaking tub is the best part! The need to update some of the movie memorabilia in the rooms but I really don't have any complaints!,. Best breakfast ever ! Get the pancakes ! They're all amazing. And the breakfast burrito!. I have lived in Phoenix since 1985 and have been searching for the perfect pizza.  Finally found it.
The Sicialian is excellent.  I remember walking down the streets in the Big Apple and going up to a pizza parlor with window service and buying a slice of the Sicilian pizza pie and continuing down 42nd St while devouring it.   Well NYPD did not dissappoint me.  One bite and I was hooked.  I no longer have to wander from pizza joint to pizza joint looking for the taste I have so long craved.  
Now if I could just find a pizza like the Vinnie Pie I used to buy at Vinnies on Ardmore Blvd back in Pittsburgh.
Well I guess you can't have it all though so I will just stick with what I have found at NYPD.. Positives:  
1. The food was amazing.  I tried the Queen Sheba Combo and shared it with my husband and it was enough for the two of us and a very good variety of meat and vegetables.  Everything was very well spiced and tasty.  
2. Owner is super nice and explained how to eat Ethiopian food sans utensils (this was my first time).

Negatives:  
1. The decor isn't the greatest.  It has potential, but they really need new tables and chairs.  The coverings on the chairs are a bit gaudy. Also, there could have been some music playing or something - that would have added a nice feel.
2. We were the only two people there the entire time we had dinner (we were there from 7:15 - 8:30pm on a Saturday).  If you don't mind being alone in a restaurant then it's not an issue, but if you like to have others around for ambiance, this probably isn't the place for you.

Bottom Line:  You may need to overlook the atmosphere, but the food is delicious!. Phantom is awesome! 

Anthony Crivello the BEST Phantom ever! 

Anthony Crivello bases his performance not on what other Phantoms have done in the past but on the dark edgy character that Gaston Leroux has created... More the gruesome Lon Chaney Black and White creature than the highly romantic Michael Crawford one.
That being said, Mr. Crivello is extremely sexy in the role and even with his edge he draws you in to care for the Phantom and root for him to get the girl in the end. It's crazy, that he can do it, but Crivello does...
His layered performance brings a whole new dimension to this complex character. Superb!

Kristi Holden sings like a bird. Her upper notes float on air so effortlessly that you wonder if she can really be singing it. Her voice is like "Butter."

Andrew Ragone is not only a handsome, dashing Raoul, but sympathetic male ingenue that brings more than the usual 2 dimensional approach to this role. He is not just pompous like I have seen others play him, he has a heart and genuine feeling that raise the stakes to this love triangle.

Tina Walsh and Brianne Kelly Morgan have great chemistry as Mmde. Giry and Meg, while John Leslie Wolfe and Lawson Skala practically steal the show with theirs as the Opera Managers. 
Joan Sobel is the perfect Diva in Carlotta with all that the role requires in her gorgeous coloratura tones.

This production has everything you have seen in other incarnations and then some.
The sets, lights, sound and costumes have all been upgraded from the original 23 years ago. 
What they are able to do now technically far surpasses any previous production you have seen.
 
If you love Phantom of the Opera, you will ADORE this production.

I have sent many "non theatre going friends" to this over and over and the reaction is always the same, "I didn't think I would like it and I was blown away!"  " I want to see it again!" 

Seriously as someone who wasn't a huge Phantom fan having seen it for years in NY, I sure am now! 
This production converted me! 
I think it is truly a MUST SEE if you are in Vegas! 
The Venetian is the perfect place for this production as well. 
It all just works. Period.

In regards to White C's review above, They DIDN'T see Anthony Crivello perform because he was on vacation that week.  
I happen to know this as I saw him perform in Milwaukee at the same time. 
Check out Vimeo to see his performance last week. 
So he saw one of the understudies... 
Before you review an actor unfavorably, make sure that is the actor that you are seeing! 

Crivello's performance has been lauded by many reviewers and audiences as one of the best ever. Surely Harold Prince agrees. 
I don't think he would cast anyone less than superb. 
If an understudy went on in his absence and was less than stellar, that is unfortunate, but they are understudies after all and they don't perform the role regularly. Maybe that is why they seemed to not be secure in the role. Not an excuse, but maybe an explanation.

Go see this show if you are in Vegas! 
It will make your entire trip!. Matt's Chicago Dogs are delish!  I love going there, parking is a pain, you can park in the lot at the greenway, but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.  I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.  The hot dogs are great, you can tell they take pride when they serve their food.  French fries are always hot and they have good sweet tea.  Now that is an extra bonus!!  I will rate Matt's Ch. Dogs, three corndogs.. Very prompt and clean.  Basic good service is all I need when it comes to dry cleaning and repairs.  They got a couple very bad stains out, which I thought might be impossible.  Maybe a little pricey, but being right next to Starbucks kind of makes up for this!  And they have a talking register, which is pretty cool too.. Come hungry and parched. Love the classes here! Staff is fantastic.  I have been going here for a few months and have seen results.. My search for a good Mexican restaurant finally turns up some fruit--right here in DeFo.  My initial impression wasn't great, when we sat down at the (sticky) bar to order a margarita--all of which are pre-mixed.  But we were intrigued by the huge menu, which had a lot if really authentic looking choices.  The BF and I ordered the parillada Mexicana--a veritable sh!t-ton of food, with chicken, pork, beef, chorizo, and shrimp.  Guac, sour cream, pico de gallo, rice, beans, and tortillas come on the side.  With the exception of the shrimp, which were overcooked, the food was delicious.  And we had tons left over for lunch the next day.  The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable, and the staff are friendly.  I foresee many happy returns.. Our group of 8 arrived for our 8:30 reservation and were seated promptly. We all decided to do the domestic wagyu tasting menu ($145/person). Our total bill came to be about $1,500 after tax & tip w/ wine and other drinks included. IT WAS SO TOTALLY WORTH IT! To be honest, my expectations weren't too high for Crafsteak, but I left mindblown (my stomach was goin to explode too LOL). We basically had a feast fit for way more than 8 people. Service and food were excellent!! Overall it was3 courses and for each course, the servers came out with the dishes in symphony.

They start you off w/ their addicting bread which I regret eating so much of because it filled up my stomach space. The bread comes out hot & fresh in a rectangle cast iron skillet. The butter is sooo good w/ the bread. It's some sort of hawaiian roll w/ sea salt sprinkled on top. So buttery, rich, fluffy, and flavorful w/ a hint of sweetness. We got 2 rounds of bread cause it was so good

First Course: Salads & apps
Caesar Salad - Unique twist to a classic salad. The romaine lettuces were left full in leaf form rather than cut. The dressing wasn't heavy and the minced anchovies weren't overpowering.
Baby Bibb - the buttermilk blue cheese & bacon complemented the salad very well. Normally my bf & I don't like blue cheese, but the way it was incorporated in this dish made it light and tasty.
Avocado Salad - Light lemon vinaigrette dressing and PLENTY of avocado fans. The avocados were all ripe and smooth as a baby's butt.

Hand cut Wagyu tartare- I LOVE TARTARE and I totally could have eaten this w/out the crostini. There's also a small raw quail yolk right in the middle of the tartare. I liked eating this app w/ the bread they provided in the beginning
Proscuitto San Daniele - KILL ME. The best proscuitto I've had. Not overly salty and it was delicious w/ the pears. It tasted even better wrapped around the cheese garlic breadsticks provided
Shrimp cocktail - fresh plump shrimp, but it was like any other shrimp cocktail

Proscuitto Risotto - OMFG the risotto is THE BEST I've ever had. OUT OF THIS WORLD AMAZING. It contained english peas and scallions mixed in. The risotto had that creamy rich texture that just melts in your mouth. I couldn't stop eating this, had to force myself to stop so that I could share it w/ the rest of the table.

Potato Puree - Yukon GOLD POTATOES!! It was really creamy/smooth. I actually prefer this over Joel Robuchon's mashed potatoes.

For the vegetables we had asparagus, baby carrots w/ honey, snap peas w/ romesco & shallots, Mushroom assortment, Zucchini w/ maui onions. All of the vegetables were cooked perfectly. My fav were the assorted mushrooms (it included all the mushrooms like shiitake, french horn, etc) & baby carrots. The only bad dish of the night were the french fries. They weren't crispy enough

2nd Course: MEATS
We basically had a whole cow on the table. Overall 8 cast iron dishes of diff cuts were laid out at the table. Half cooked medium rare and half medium. Each one had a nice beautiful red warm center w/ the perfect outside sear

NY strip - normally I don't like NY strip 'cause it's too lean and dry, but the NY strip cut here was my 2nd fav of the meat dishes! It looked lean, but was really juicy and soft yet flavorful
Outside skirt - #1 fav for the table. This was the only plate that was gone at the end of the night. It was so melt in your mouth delicious! Tender and savory, best outside skirt I've had
Ribeye - lots of fat, but was a bit more chewy than the other cuts
Filet Mignon - Not as tender as most filet mignons I've had, was my 4th fav dish.
Flat Iron - my 3rd fav dish! Came in a huge plate and we killed half of it. It was similar in taste to the outside skirt, but not quite as tender/soft
Porterhouse - 4th fav dish of the night! Oh man for a dry aged steak, it was delish. My friend has had their porterhouse at Crafsteak in NY and said it tasted just as good as the NY location.

3rd course: Desserts
Ice cream - Banana, Pistachio, white chocolate, and mixed berry swirl, and raspberry sorbet. The sorbet was a bit sour, I enjoyed the ice creams more especially pistachio
Cinnamon Monkey bread - I was so excited to try this since everyone kept talking about it. For some reason it didn't get topped w/ vanilla ice cream, but it was still good. The pecan toffee sauce made it addicting. This tastes basically like a cinnamon roll, but not as sweet
Chocolate Indulgence - Chocolate cake w/ caramel on the bottom. It was just ok
Caramel Cheesecake - Light & airy, but I prefer Capital Grille's cheesecake.
Apple caramel tart - Was basically like an apple pie tart. It wasn't overly sweet and the crust just lightly crumbles in your mouth. Loved it
Farmers Market Fruit - Everyone's favorite! Came w/ an assortment of fresh fruits. Our fav were the kumquat, starfruit, passionfruit, tangerine, and strawberry. Each were sweet and ripe

I'll be back to try the surf & turf tasting menu!. This is my go-to car rental place and I've never had a bad experience. Staff is always friendly and even when they're busy the wait is never bad (not like rental car agencies at the airport!). No reason to go anywhere but Enterprise.. Good food but need to be able to use coupons you get from the email club through your phone. Went a couple weeks ago and love it and signed up for the email club! Got a coupon for a free small sub went back today and they said it had to be printed out... Expires today... Didn't say it anywhere on the email that I had to print out. Lame... People were friendly and the food is good but it guess I'll unsubscribe from the email list since you need a printer apparently to use any of the deals...who has printers anymore anyway? Lol. Love this place, it's just so comfortable. I have had such a hard time finding a good coffee shop in Vegas, but this place does it well.. Great atmosphere and good food. The pretzel appetizer was great and the Ruben sliders made a great small meal. Good beer selection.. I've only recently started coming here and I love it. The people are wonderful and so is the food. I get the #hashtagbreakfastsandwhich and either the very peachy shaken tea or the Frankenstein expresso. I love this place and not to mention coming in Saturday mornings and hearing live music!. I loved this location. They had good inventory and always found more items than at PV Mall. So convenient and was happy to avoid the decaying PV mall. Anyway drove by on Jun 20th an the store is gone!  A shame.. Went to the Wynn buffet for a late lunch with the bf and his family. We were starving by the time we got to the front of the line. We gorged on rice porridge (Asian style) with preserved egg and youtiao, bacon, ham and cheese, cornbread, mixed greens, brunch items, ceviche, lettuce wrap, etc. We coincidentally stayed through 3:30 where they switch to dinner almost instantly. We managed to get some crab legs and ribs (which I heard was really good but I was too full to try it out). I had some melons and a mint cake for dessert. The food was heavenly and I can see why it's the place to go. Might be the best buffet I've ever had.. I have been to Max's a couple of times, but went again last night.  Brandon and his trainee Lulu waited on us. Service was excellent and very attentive.  We ordered the wings, honey hot and medium. Definitely loved the honey hot. The sauce was excellent.  The medium was also good, but was your typical sauce.  The wings were a great size and had lots of meat. I couldn't even finish the whole plate. We ordered 2 Dos XX and they were super cold. And only $3.50! I will definitely be back. Just wish they would upgrade the TVs.. A great new option for Japanese Curry in one of the most up and coming and/or already there china town food malls!  Read a fellow yelpers review and bookmarked it immediately.  There is a line but if its good then a line is worth the wait.  We were lucky and sat at the bar immediately.  The decor is modern, warm and clean the service was extremely polite and fast and the chef was behind the counter to be watched while plating his food.  

This is a bit like a fast food but comfort food but way better, let me explain why.  They have a 15 spice blend with a guide on the back of the menu explaining the benefits of adding these spices to your food.  I have been to a couple of curry places in town and basically I could have bought the same mixture from a box and added water and had the same thing.  This place is different you can tell it is freshly made daily.  The flavors  of the curry is a strong but very mild flavor at the same time (I know that doesn't make sense but if you eat it you will understand).  You have quite a few options for the meat portion of the meal from chicken, fried pork chop  and a few more.  The rice is plentiful and good you also have a brown rice option for a healthier carb addition to your meal.

THIS is the curry I had in Japan this is the curry I have been looking for since my trip to Japan.  I am extremely happy and will be back for sure.. Ohhhhhh myyyyy GAWD GOOD!!!!!!!! Stopped in to get a healthy snack...grabbed a smoothie aptly named 3 month paid vacation...and holy YUMMMMMM! Super cute location amazing choices and get your yoga and or spin on as well!!! Another GEM to the arcadia neighborhood!!!. I had bad experiences at Courtesy Imports and Jiffy Lube so I decided to try this place. My car would leak oil after an oil change, I would get my car back covered in tree sap, and the mechanics were rude. Puurfect Auto mechanics are the complete opposite. They know what they are doing and have great customer service. Any problem I had they made sure to address it. They returned my car without any problems! No leaks or filth. Plus, it was a lot cheaper to get an oil change from Purrfect than the dealership.. This is my to-go bar, love this place. Atmosphere is trendy and lively. Staff is friendly. Great place to unwind or watch your favorite sport on tv. They have a variety of seating areas, bar, tables, couches, outside sitting. Bar selection is typical. Their food is awesome! A bit pricey, but awesome. Best bar food ever! Sweet potato tots are yum and grilled artichoke is delish...Did I mention they have gaming?.... One of the best dollar stores in the valley.  I always find some hidden treasure (i.e. Magic Sponges, Febreeze, Command Hooks, and OPI Nail Polish). Their supply of these items goes fast, so stock up if you happen to strike gold. They also have a steady supply of other, less expensive, name brand products, especially in the office supplies and cleaning sections. However, I love this place for their vast selection of off-brand products as much as I do for their hidden treasures.. Excellent. We stopped in for a bite last night, craving something sweet and left more than satisfied. We got an order of onion rings to start and they were absolutely delicious, finishing the evening with a deep fried Oreo Sundae. On it came hot fudge, marshmallow sauce, deep fried Oreos, and made with cookies and cream ice cream. It hit the spot.. This was a big surprise! It's hidden on St-Marc street, north of de Maisonneuve, in the residential buidings of the sector. It seems to be a 'crappy' place by its look, but DAMN, those wonton and dumplings...AWESOME! My tastebuds were going crazy: I never tasted good, home-made wontons that tasted something else than paper or bland! And the home-made sweet cookies were received, at no extra cost....miam! I still salivating when I'm thinking about those. And the customer service was friendly, too.
Definitely a place I'll go back A LOT when I'm downtown!. Yet another Sprouts has opened up in my area! They must be doing something right!

It's easy to find on the corner of green valley and horizon.  Parking was good with plentiful spaces. This store is very clean and organized.  Their produce and meat always look fresh.  

My husband noticed a sign on the entrance door stating no photography or videography allowed in the store.  I thought that was strange being this was the first time I've seen such a thing.  Made me wonder why.  

Overall I love the store.  Service here was better than some of the other locations which is huge.  Thank you Sprouts!. Found this site online and it worked great! Fast, free entry into Rehab pool party at the Hard Rock Hotel!. The most important part of Basset Street Brunch Club: I have waited my entire life for a server at a restaurant to ask me, "Interested in donuts to start?" YES. Always.

Jokes aside, though, I really enjoyed Bassett Street Brunch Club. My friend and I had a 15-20 minute wait, which was totally fine for Sunday brunch time (11:30). Our server was very friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was fun - I didn't completely "get" the robot decor, but I think I like it.

First, the drinks: my friend had a bloody mary, which she said was just okay. I loved that they have horchata, and as a Rumchata lover, the spike horchata was a good choice.

The food was also awesome. I started with a chocolate glazed donut with crushed hazelnuts on top (Nutella donut, anyone?). My friend ordered a peanut butter glazed one with Corn Pops on top. Both were very good, but having lived near Greenbush Bakery for a year, I can't honestly say Bassett has the best donuts I've ever tasted.

After the donut course (I can't believe I just got to say that), I ordered the Mac Attack, which was a generous bowl of pasta shells with cheese sauce, shredded parmesan, green onion, kale, and butternut squash. For me, this was probably the best part of the meal.

I liked everything about Bassett Street Brunch Club, and I can't wait to try more of their donuts, but I'm really excited to check out the rest of their savory entrees.. Definitely still a big fan of Vivace. It definitely is (still) one of the best looking restaurants in town with a sweet patio and *stunning* upstairs lounge area. If you're seeking a private party space you must check out that second floor. 

Service is spot on and are happy to not only describe the dishes, but they go above and beyond detailing the wines on special, where they come from, what the grapes are like, etc. The menu changes up on occasion and I had the pleasure of trying their new-ish chili capellini with crab. While it sounds like an odd combo, it was tasty and light filled with a sizeable portion of pasta, fresh crab, tomatoes, spinach and a dose of fresh crab meat. And it was spicy! It a good way, of course. 

For dessert a few girlfriends and I sampled the warm chocolate cake with nutella gelato (WINNER), the apple crostada (with cinammon gelato - delightful) and the mint chocolate chip gelato. Vivace is still one of my faves in the QC. Grazie!. Wow! I have to give them 5 stars because they gave me a really great deal.  They were going to charge me $10 for replacing some screws on my fender, but they waived the fee!  When I told my family, they were pretty adamant about calling the business back and paying the money, so Fletcher's might've gotten it after all.  But, needless to say, I was happy and grateful.  Also, I was pleasantly surprised at the wait time.  When I pulled up there were quite a few cars already there so I thought it would take all day.  I was probably waiting for less than half an hour.  I will definitely go back there if I have any serious car trouble.. What a great happy hour experience in Vegas! The prices are very fair for both drinks and snacks. We had the red and the white happy hour wines which were quite good and the cheese plate which was very well executed. 

The service was also spot on. There was a full bar and the gentlemen behind the bar (who appeared very experienced) served everyone politely and swiftly. Based on purely on the happy hour, I would definitely go back for dinner.. Once you come here, you'll never want to watch a movie anywhere else. There are so many plus sides to this theater...hmm...where to begin?

1. Assigned seating. No more inner dialogue about stressing what time to get there or who is going to sit next to you. I'm a planner, so I book early and always get great seats. Tip: book the row that has the rail in front of it. You can come in at the time the movie starts with no stress and hassle. 

2. Plus reclining seats that go back ALL THE WAY. OMG OMG OMG. If these seats were any more comfortable, you'd have to book one for a night's stay. It is the single most comfortable way to watch a movie. Another plus side the seats: they are very wide. It puts a good amount of distance between you and the person next to you IF you choose. However, on the down side, it's hard to snuggle up to your sweetie, but you know what they say about distance making the heart grow fonder. 

3. Parking! Lots of it. Yes, the parking lot directly in front of the building is a bit small and packed, but some users might not have know there is a full parking garage directly to the left of the building with easy access to the theater. 

When I had a broken leg, this was the only place I could come to watch a movie where I wasn't in pain for 2+ hours. Thank you Galaxy Theaters for providing a superior viewing environment. It is soooo appreciated!. My husband and I go out for breakfast every weekend and hunt for the perfect breakfast. Ater many, many tries, we finally found it! The Gilbert House is fantastic! We had an outstanding cinnamon roll, French toast, and a green chile omelette on our first visit. I've ordered that omelet several times since :) The food and service are consistently great! We found out this is a family owned restaurant and they obviously put love and care into their place. I can't recommend this place enough! Skip the chaos of downtown Gilbert and drive just a minute more to Gilbert House.. Open on Mondays serving $1 oysters, La Betise and I had a high likelihood of being friends. It's a small casual room on St Hubert below Bellechase with a few tables outside and a single booth in the back. 

The oysters were fresh and tasty, not exceptional but not problematic at all. We shared an inexpensive and very tasty bottle of Sauvignon Blanc (and then another one) while we dug into guacamole (super tasty but seemed like a mix of fresh and stale nachos on the plate;) sausage mac and cheese with quail egg (amazing flavours. so. so. good.;) General Tao poutine (crispy, yummy;) pork belly (amazing) and a beef tartare I didn't try but my friends enjoyed. 

Fun, quick, friendly service that seemed to be in close communication with the nice group of people working in the small open kitchen together. Nothing fancy in the room or tables but surprisingly good food and a nice experience. Will be back!. Food was good, place was decent, waiting for waffles to be prepared was a bit tooooo long. With lots of good reviews, they need to buy more waffle makers to speed up service. What a wonderful hidden gem that is family owned and run. We came once YEARS ago and had an excellent experience. Unfortunately, we moved much further South and wasn't as nearby anymore. On Valentines Day, after a morning filled with Pokémon Leagues & Gymnastics, we ended up here with our 2 crazy kids around 2PM. It was surprisingly full considering the time and our server seated us very promptly. We went kind of crazy on the ordering considered there were only 2 adults & 2 children (8 & 4) but we definitely left extremely stuffed.

We started with the Malaysian Roti with curry & crunchy shrimp spring rolls (per the request of my son). The Malaysian Roti was great! Puffy, fried roti with a wonderful curry that had just the right amount of seasoning. We will certainly order this again. The spring rolls were typical egg rolls IMO served with lettuce & sweet & spicy sauce. Onto the entrees! We got: drunken noodles, panang curry, crying tiger salad, & basil fried rice that had shrimp & chicken. Everything was excellent. My favorite was probably the crying tiger salad with its tender fall apart beef. I think what makes this place stand out is that they cook their proteins PERFECTLY. Barely anything has to be chewed because they all fall apart in your mouth. I wish their panang was slightly thicker, but the flavors were excellent anyway. Their basil fried rice had a bunch of basil leaves in it (my favorite herb) and made me happy. Drunken noodles had plenty of veggies which is just the way I like it. 

For dessert - fried cheesecake & mango sticky rice. Both were typical but still delicious. Overall, come try this hole in the wall Thai restaurant. You won't be disappointed with its cozy interior and family run service.. This was my first time here and although I was eager to try the chocolate delicacies on their menu, I started with a salad for dinner.  I had the "agrume/citrus" salad and it was wonderful. The portion was enormous, with grilled chicken, oranges, grapefruit and a fun crepe-based wheel of sorts on the top.  So fun and filling. 

But not to worry, I saved room for dessert (and wasn't disappointed)!!  The fleur de sel brownie was amazing.  Served warm with a caramel sauce drizzled over it, there was the perfect balance of salty and sweet.   Luckily, it was a normal sized brownie because otherwise I would have been in trouble (and eaten far too much).  

The service was great, our waitress was so nice and the food came very quickly (and the water was poured often which is so nice).  Plus, she let us sit and talk for a long time with no fuss.  Truly a wonderful (chocolately) experience.. I found Kalologie through a Groupon deal and enjoyed my treatment so much (a massage) that I signed up for the membership and I haven't regretted it! To combat my wordiness, here are the bullet pointed PROS:

- Your choice of a massage or a facial. 
- With membership, the services roll over, so if you don't use it this month, you can use two next month! 
- Very friendly office staff - Amy at the front desk is always cheery and extremely helpful. Thanks Amy!!
- Very quiet and tranquil. I don't hear noise during my treatment, which is key for me.
- Good products - oils and lotions seem very natural and well made.
- Online scheduling.

CONS:
The only reason I didn't give Kalologie 5 stars is the consistency of the facials in particular has been a bit lacking. I think this has been the result of a bit of turnover in the start up phase. However, the new technician, Jasmina, was very good and I hope she stays! I will be quite happy with her and the level of care she provides. 

I tell all of my friends to try out Kalologie. At this price and convenience, you can't beat it.. Good pizza, perfect dough not too thick not too thin. Sauce on the pizza is fresh not acidic. The salads are good too, I had the Involtini with prosciutto and it was delicious.. I have been going to Glen at Hair Friends for a few years. He takes his time and does a wonderful job! I have never been disappointed after getting my hair cut here. The atmosphere of the salon is one of a kind-- something you could never find from a chain. All of the employees are friendly, and I always leave feeling prettier than when I walked in! I moved out of the city, but still make the trip to get my hair cut here because it's that great. Thank you, Hair Friends! 

You can pay with a credit or debit card, but make sure you bring cash for the tip!. I ate breakfast at 12pm here and it was very delicious. I got the baked french toast and my babes had the chilaquiles. I actually didnt like my toast caz it has too much chocolate. However i tried the chilaquiles and damn they were very. Delicious!  I traded plated with my babe caz he liked my plate and i like his. Everything was great even the service. Our server lady was great. When we started eating a man in a nice color shirt name Michael walked up to us and ask how we were doing and if we needed anything. That was really nice of him. So far good!! They serve breakfast till 2pm!!. I love the ambiance of this place. In fact, I love the entire Artisan. The restaurant is quite small, with a stage with a piano, lots of paintings, etc. It's a great little spot. And it is open 24 hours. I've only had the late night menu here, but I was pleased. The food itself is probably actually about 3 stars, but the ambiance bumps it up. Unfortunately, the server we had was brand new, so he didn't know much about the menu, was unable to locate a drink / wine list, etc. But he was attentive and everything else.

For food, we opted for the nachos and wings. Neither was quite what I was expecting, but, again, I was pleased. The cheese on the nachos was unique in that it was mostly asiago, which gave it an interesting twist. The wings were teriyaki. Not at all spicy, but a good balance of savory and sweet. No dipping sauce comes with it, but we asked for a side of ranch, which was pretty good.

Overall, I would give this place 4 stars and would definitely come back.. My favorite place to work during the week when I want to get out of the office. They have plenty of spots to plug in and free wifi. The background music can be challenging if you have conference calls, but that's a mild inconvenience. 

In the evening it turns into a great place to watch a football/basketball game, meet friends for a drink or just hang out. 

This is an awesome addition to Las Vegas and the downtown vibe.. "Sunday morning rain is falling
Steal some covers, share some skin
And clouds are shrouding us in moments unforgettable
You twist to fit the mold that I am in"

Rain in this case can more accurately be measured in terms of Sunday Morning Breakfast Sandwiches....Oh Johnson Public, how you fit the mold that I am in. 

Meld together hard-boiled egg, cheddar & ham between hearty slices of country-wheat bread that's treated with just a touch of maple syrup to devise an ingeniously crisp, subtle sweetness on par with the deliciously sweet sound of Adam Levine's voice.

Add to the mix a steaming cuppa green tea and clouds will surely shroud you in a moment unforgettable.. WOW!!!!!!!!!  This is one of the best "hole in the wall" diner/sports bars I've been to that was actually fun, great burger and the staff are all very friendly (a little slow), but friendly.  I was there with my son, grandson and cousin that was in town visiting.  We were all able to sit in the bar, watch the game (cards lost...no surprise there, but the bears won!), have a great meal and enjoy the ambiance.  I would recommend this to anyone, drinkers or non drinkers alike.  There is a condiment bar so you put on your burger whatever you want.  I enjoyed the Fiesta Burger and the guacamole was so tasty and fresh.  Awesome!. This place is awesome! When I think of a diner, I think of a place like this. I was in the mood for dessert specifically red velvet but they did not have any but they had plenty of other options.  I tried the carrot cake and tiramisu.  Both were amazing melt in your mouth options.  We did not order any main dishes but we did order two appetizers.  Their spanikopta and their baked potato dish (?) that was like a twice baked potato.  Both were extremely filling for appetizers and did not disappoint. 

I did not take down for the service but I will say our waitress disappeared for a while but we were able to flag down the other waitstaff to help assist us.. Daniel provided fast, high quality service.  He absolutely went above and beyond.  My front door was kicked in late one night and he had it secured the next day.  He then took care of every aspect of getting the door replaced as soon as possible.  This was a great experience.  He called after each visit to ensure that I was happy with the work.  I am confidant that he conducts his business with the utmost integrity.  I highly recommend him.. My only wish would be that there was one of these in Huntington Beach, Ca. We were tired, hot and hungry after the Cubs/Angels spring training game, and searched on yelp for the best Pizza place nearby, we drove by a few, and being a little picky..we thank goodness waited til we saw Oregano's. I am so glad we did. The service was awesome, Meagan from Colorado, a senior at ASU was our waitress, and was so great!
2 managers walked by at different times asking how we were doing, as i said great service.
The food was excellent! the thin crust Pizza was the best i have had.
Just wish there was one closer so we could try more of the menu.. It was time to leave Las Vegas, so we met up with everyone around 10am at Hash House A Go Go in the Plaza, we again were a party of 12, but 3 of our guest needed to order, eat and leave to go catch a flight back to Cali.

Our server was fast and friendly, understood they needed to go, got there order out to them fast and dropped the check off  without any issues. I love a place that can work with you like that.

After checking out the menu, I found out that it was a full menu, you could order lunch as well as breakfast, I was happy for that because this time I was not in the mood for breakfast, though their biscuits and gravy are killer! 

I went with the BBQ chicken sandwich, bbq chicken breast covered in sauce, topped with onion rings and cilantro on a whole wheat bun, I sure wasn't trying to be heathy, but this was what I wanted! And for not additional price you can swap out the fries for their famous mashed potatoes, just do it!!! Those mashed potatoes are the bomb!! So good!  The sandwich was perfect, so dang tasty, I could have gone for a little bit more sauce, I liked saucy, but other than that, it was delish baby!

My friend ordered the chicken and waffles, and if you haven't seen them, they are huge and had some waffle up for grab, heck yea I tried one, that waffle was stuffed with BACON!!! OMG, BACON stuffed waffle!! Man next time I come back Ill have to remember to order that! 

I really enjoy Hash House, it's a definite stop whenever in Vegas.. Huge slices.... and they are QUICK!  I know I can run in get a slice and a drink to go for only $5 and be in there  about 6-7 min.  

I tried the garlic bread for the first time.... Ehh, it's ok.  I go for the pizza, it's good for the price. I am not a fan of spicy food, but the hint of spice they have in the sauce is just perfect for me.. Fantastic little Indian food restaurant. Don't be discouraged by the strip mall location or the abundant use of paper cutlery and styrofoam. What it lacks in pomp, it makes up for in flavor.

I ordered Palak Paneer with white rice and it tasted like heaven, especially paired with my friend's Paneer Butter Masala. The samosas are also a must, paired with savory and sweet sauces from the chutney bar.

All in all, four stars. I would be happy to recommend this place to friends.. I work for the American Lung Association here in NV. Michelle is our go to florist when sending out sympathy flowers/plants. She really does beautiful work! Call Michelle before any other florist.. Sold last house Bill inspected and bought a new house that needed inspected so I called "MY" inspector. I say "MY" inspector cuz Bill looks out for me and works for me. NEVER let your realtor pick your inspectors folks. It is in their interest to get inspections to pass. (though in many cases, I am sure that I know some very ethical realtors who would not) Still, I am sure many an agent does not like someone like Bill poking around their potential sale too deep.

That being said, Bill was prompt on this latest inspection. He showed up on time. He spent 2 1/2 hours going over our property with us and I had my report the next day via email. The seller and I agreed to the changes I thought were necessary to make me happy. I went into this "new" home knowing some of the repairs I would need to make and how to do them. It was a very satisfactory experience for all concerned in our transaction.

Please don't give alot of weight to the realtor's reviews here. I know they have their own transactions to worry about and that is why they like to work with "their" real estate approved inspectors, but my interest as a buyer is to have someone who does a very thorough inspection for ME . It may be stressful at the time but it is WAYYYYY more stressful when you find a problem with a house after you have sunk a great deal of money into the home. Like any inspector, he might miss something or be over cautionary at times, but I would rather proceed with a great deal of caution than having a cavalier inspection involving my hard earned bucks.

Give Bill at FYI a call and tell him Julie sent ya. Thanks again Bill!. Customer Service wins me over every single time. I won't lie, I was never accustomed to the idea of going to chick-fil-A. I didn't have one in Las Vegas and never really went when I lived in D.C. I just never thought that much of it. Then a few years ago when they made national headlines, I REALLY didn't want to go. So I can't even tell you what me finally go. Peer Pressure maybe. Everyone else kept telling me what I was missing. But I lived without it for 30 years, I could go another 30. Or so I thought.

You walk in the door and they immediately treat you like family. It is the best way I can explain it. All the smiles, the hellos, the how can I help yous, the what can I do attitudes to make this visit the best possible... I thought my first visit was a fluke but wow, it seems like they are like this all the time.

The chicken is not the best ever  but it is good stuff. The sauces are amazing. I absolutely love their chicken soup. And I absolutely love that my son has the option of getting a very nice fruit bowl with his kids meal - not just a bag of apples or whatever. 

I've been converted and this place ain't that bad. In fact, it is pretty awesome. I love this location.. First, let me start by saying that I've created an account just to review how much I freaking love this place!! Ladies, this is hands down THE BEST place I've EVER gone to for a Brazilian Wax in my life. I like to keep a triangle above my ehrm... 'ladyparts' and have had a reeeeally difficult time finding a person anywhere who can wax a crisp triangle (think trapezoids and amorphous blobs) AND get all the hair off of my nooks and crannies. After my appointments at other places it became a routine for me to frustratingly sit on my bed with a mirror between my legs, painfully plucking patches of stray hairs with tweezers and trying to clean up the disaster of a 'triangle' I was usually left with. :/
But I digress, Shaina is an absolute expert!! I saw her for my first brazilian here and she freaking ROCKED IT!! I have a very crisp feminine triangle above, and the rest is HAIRLESS!! She was extremely quick and personable, and it was practically painless! The wax was not scalding my skin at all, and she even took care of all my random ingrown hairs with speed and precision! After my appointment I was given a card with great tips on how to best take care of the area in the days following. Her expertise on the subject CLEARLY shows that she is a true professional. Even the ladies at the front desk were super nice and really fun to talk to! I will continue to make the drive from Ft. Irwin, CA once a month JUST to get my brazilians done at this top notch establishment! Thank you soooooo much Shaina and ladies at Pink Cherry!! :D

tl;dr/ Hands down THE BEST place to get a brazilian! ESPECIALLY if you like to leave a crisp triangle above! Ladies, if you ever need to get a brazilian wax you OWE it to yourselves to go to this place!!. My friend and I went with some hesitation due to the wet areas being fully nude but got over it quick.  

The facility is very clean & modern.  The staff were attentive & informative. 

We ate at the eatery there.  The person doesn't know much English so just look at the pictures or order what you know for Korean food.  I ordered the spicy beef soup & my friend ordered the tofu soup.  They both were good & the sides were good too.

I got the 90 min. deep tissue & Swedish massage from Mark.  He was really good & worked on all my knots.  I stop getting deep tissue cause I bruise and of course, I'm bruised but he is really good.  Next time I'll just go with my hot stone massage.

We will definitely go back as the prices are reasonable & the facility is immaculate.

 FYI...the building is not visible from Sahara.  It's behind the office building.. The Golden Nugget is a trip into the soul of old Vegas. I didn't stay here but I will say this-- this place rocks in a campy sort of way. I listened to live music in a killer old school bar that was lit up like a tiger. The people watching alone was worth the trip down there. The slots were cheap and the club wasn't happening but I had a hell of a time. Highly recommend if you want a taste of the old strip.. How to Have a Good Time at Cowboy Ciao:

1) Order the Stetson chopped salad. 

2) Finish it.

3) Order the Peanut Butter Brownie Upside Downy. 
(Note: DO NOT question whether you're full or not. It doesn't matter).

4) Finish it.. We stopped in for lunch and very much enjoyed our meal. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was remarkable. They cut whole chicken breast into slices and place them with the most lucious, stretchy, amazing mozzerella I've ever had in my life. The seasoning on everything was perfect as well. And the pannini bread was to die for. The perfect crispy crust.
Two friends shared the meat loaf sandwich and said it was marvelous as well. 
We will certainly go back next time we're in town. We enjoyed this meal FAR more than we enjoyed our meal at Craftsteak.. I had to write a review for this place.  They make good shish taouk, shawarma and amazing salads.  This place uses quality ingredients, I mean what other fast food restaurant makes mango or avocado salads? The choice is definitely decent as well, you always have at least 6 different salads to choose from.  As far as freshness goes, I've never even seen a wilted leaf of lettuce there.  They are consistently generous, always filling everything to the top, fresh quality ingredients and great service.  Today, I ordered a small salad portion for take out, when they brought my salad packed in those styrofoam flip top boxes into the back, I was wondering what it was they were doing, turns out they were wrapping the whole thing in plastic wrap so that none of the dressing would leak.  I don't even get that kind of service when I order soup from other places!  Maybe not all that environmentally friendly but again great service.  I just had to write a review.. Definitely take advantage of the free chips and salsa for checking in!  We were able to sit outdoors in the heated tent area.  The restaurants indoor decor was nice, but there's something really nice about being able to eat outdoors in WI November!
I had the honey-ginger margarita and would definitely have it again.  There's a nice tequila kick to the margarita that the ginger adds to.  
For an entree, I had the fish tacos with fried mahi mahi.  It was good, but between the corn tortillas and fried fish, it felt a bit dry.  The slaw and aoli added some juice and flavor, but I could have used more.  I think if I had went with blackened fish instead, it'd have been better.
I've heard brunch is phenomenal here so we'll likely be back!. I am eager to go back to this restaurant and be in "heaven" again. Have you tried its Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli yet? It is beyond delicious! Given CA has banned Foie Gras, it makes the Las Vegas location much more appealing than the Beverly Hills one (although please comment on this post if you are certain that the Beverly Hills location still can serve the same dish!). 

The restaurant is inside Cosmopolitan hotel, so you can certainly dine your way to delish land and continue the party at Marquees club. As a cherry on top, service at the Las Vegas Scarpetta is amazing as well. I highly recommend!. I absolutely love this place! The staff is always friendly and the pizza is awesome. If you have never tried their pizza I recommend trying them out on a Tuesday when all large pizzas up to 5 toppings are only $10! It's a great deal.. The red velvet pancakes were great.  I went at 1030 and it was a 30 min wait for the table. They only give you a lil cup of syrup and if you run out its .75 for more.. Best presentation in town on sushi - kinda a hidden gem!  Sushi is awesome and doesn't get to crowded.  Didn't have one sushi I didn't like!. I give RA 4 stars mainly because I had a great time there.  I was with a fairly big group, most of whom hadn't seen each other in a few.  You could tell that most of the girls in the place were only there because they think eating sushi is "trendy".  You're stupid.  

Anyway, the sushi was better than that of the RA in Chicago, so I was pleased.  My martini would have probably been a little too strong for most, but those that know me know that "too strong" is not in my vocabulary when it comes to alcohol, so I didn't mind.

Overall, it was a pleasant experience and if I lived in the area, I would go back again, however, on my next trip out there, I would like to try another sushi establishment.. This is a good store to pick up stuff you forgot to bring with you on a Vegas trip. 

They sell some pretty interesting souvenirs and other nit nacks. Spent a good amount of time in the store just looking around. Interesting stuff includes casino games candy, Hawaii nuts, and Zipz wine (as seen on the t.v. show Shark Tank) The t-shirts sold here have some pretty good designs. 

The staffs' attitude is just so-so. Pretty big store. Funny that they have a popular store found in Hawaii in Vegas of all places. Great location on the Strip.

Will stock up on some snacks and water from here in the future.. My best friend took me here a few weeks ago and I was quite pleased. It is EXTREMELY clean and organized. The menu is kind of plain and there aren't many options but what they have is great! There weren't many other people in there but as a group got up to leave, the manager came out and personally spoke with them, ensuring they were pleased with their experience. He then wished them a good rest of the day and they left. Very friendly staff!. I just had an AMAZING facial with Stevie! I bought a groupon voucher for a jamacian me crazy facial, which includes a fabulous feet and arm massage, and aromatherapy!  The salon is clean and Stevie is super nice, professional and personable. She took her time and didn't rush me out the door. She made me feel welcome, relaxed and comfortable.... honestly, I didn't want the experience to end! I will definitely be back!. Glad to have a healthy fast food option near by, replaced a wanna be Panda Express that was probably full of MSG! My go to after the gym on lazy cooking days.. So far the food has been just as good as the other Yogis locations, only complaint is that they're not open later like the McDowell location:( that's the 5th star deduction... We love this place, the food is great. Being from the Chicago area it's hard to find good pizza here in az, this is our new favorite place for pizza and wings. The staff is always friendly and helpful.. Professional and efficient. Good recommendations on additional services. Carpets look great! They were great w/ communication and were finished w/ the job quickly. They were very friendly and reasonable prices. Thank you!. oh yeah...;)

would the "bf" agree on my four stars, maybe not but we are not asking him, are we?

So...visited the first day of the new year. 
Seated after a 30 minute wait at about 11am (ish).

Seated, and our coffee (crappy coffee -- we cannot even discuss here) taken by a coked-out server.
Prior to even being brought coffee, my bf observed (saw, with his own eyes!) our server putting his fingers in his mouth, not sure why. We caught a passing hostess, retold our "issue" (server/fingers/mouth = uncomfortable) and not but two minutes later...greeted by a different server --- thank you. THANK YOU! I really appreciate this attentive service and saving of our brunch/breakfast. 

The bf ordered the stuffed french toast with eggies, bacon and....some sort of potato. good. not what i would order...but....what can i say.

I had, egg white omelet, with spinach (extra spinach), mushrooms, and Swiss. Could not decide if i wanted to be totally "bad" or just a little bit bad, so the server suggested i have 1/2 tomatoes and 1/2 some sort of potato. Thank you...for recognizing. 

I did order a side of hallandise AND a side of sausage gravy --- i ordered egg whites didn't i? and i just wanted to taste... 2oz portion of each, enough to know for next time. 

everything was completely greasy spoon - type, and...really what we needed, just.... wanted and...was. 

this place is great. 

could i cajole my bf to another meal, um...i think so. (he doesn't even like eggs - so .. i can only say 'wtf') 

i was happy ...greasy spoon -- but plus plus plus...

i would probably order again my same order. it is...better than average, certainly. local. decent. no airs.... i go back.. Found a perfect spot for an early morning meeting, Chompie's in Tempe is convenient, with nice, friendly-service and a great homemade corned beef hash.

When I order coffee, I just love that someone is always coming by to refill the cup and when I ask a question about the menu, I love when that person gives me their honest opinion. I can be picky with my food and Chompie's gave me the best service.  I like the corned beef hash that comes out of the can and although some would consider that disgusting, something about the right amount of salt and crunch, I just happen to love it. So, after asking our server about the corned beef hash, she suggested that I try it and if I didn't like it, I could take it back! That is incredible service because (A) she stood by her product and (B) guaranteed their service was going to be awesome, which also described the corned beef hash.

Also, the menu is robust with a lot of options, so definitely try Chompie's in Tempe.. My niece says this is the best burger she has ever had. I also ate here while in NYC. I tried their special brewed ale. It was delicious. We will definitely eat here again.. We recently discovered this gem in Cave Creek. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. My husband loves to get take out from here. I would say we get something at least once or twice a month - which is a lot from us since we don't eat out very often!. I just got an old fashioned manicure. They did try to up sell to a gel manicure, but only once which was nice. They trimmed and shaped my nails as I requested and even put an extra layer of polish to make the color really pop. Most places I've been to will make an excuse that the color is too thin and will never cover all the way. The salon itself was very clean and spacious. I would've given 5 stars if I was entertained more. The only conversation made to all the customers there were strictly business. While they were nice, they need to converse with their customers more, make it more personal. :). this good foot massage ，very clean 。very clean。great massageI with my girlfriend come here ,They have 20 /hours, 35/60minutes, We choose 35.very good massage.
See you next week may. Organic produce, meats and herbs. 
Arts and crafts. 
Local community clubs. 
Local music. 
Two food trucks.. AMAZING! My sisters and I ordered from here. The taco pizza was so fun and very very tasty! We also got wings and you can really tell that they are quality and hand made. What ever you do, don't skip the cinnamon pizza! It was so yummy! I almost wanted to just eat that! The owner delivered our pizza and was so sweet! I really cannot gush enough over this place. You have to try it!. Delicious bbq. We got their gigantic bbq burger and the trip of meats. The corn fritters were a must, the Mac n cheese was okay. Comfy atmosphere and great good. Bread pudding portion was very small but tasty.. Really enjoy the food, service and style of Scramble. Excellent for either a quick business breakfast or a casual one. Always friendly staff, superb food (CINNAMON ROLLS!) and great atmosphere!. For a quick Togo Mexican place this place is great. The food is authentic the staff is friendly the salsas are homemade and are great !!. Looking to do something other than the usual Vegas Activities, I decided to check out some museums. There are quite a few in Vegas but this one caught my eye. $2 to get in, chance to walk around outside when it wasn't too hot yet not hot enough to lounge by the pool, well why not? The place wasn't too far off the strip if you have a car, which I did. Place was easy to find with plenty of parking. 

The museum is set up with some old mining equipment, mining shacks and wagons, a train area, a small town that included one of the strips old school wedding chapels and a small inside museum. You can get through it fairly quickly or spend more time if you like to read the information provided at each location.  

If you have kids, they would probably like it as you get to go in the train and homes and run around to burn off energy.

PS if you like watching building demolition, there is a cool video of all the hotel/casino demos on the inside exhibit.. Great personal service!  Intimate setting!  Great selection!  They go above and beyond the call of duty!. I started coming here as a recommendation and I love it. They let you know what needs to be done right away and what can be put off. They talk you through the problem without talking down to you.. Had so much fun here. Sat at the sushi bar and let the chef create a 5 course meal for us based on the types of fish we like, plus we ordered a couple other dishes. Everything was fantastic. Service and food was excellent! Dropped in without reservations on a weekend so we were sat at the bar, but they ensure there aren't too many people per chef. I couldn't tell you the names of everything we had, but it was all delicious!. Carls the man! ... Fix up my bucket no problem :] awesome customer service real nice guy won't rest till he fixes every problem for reasonable prices... Made my trip to Vegas stress free again :D. We celebrated my mom's birthday here and we got the works for her.  It was such a joy to see her get a manicure for the first time (ever) and also get her feet pampered.  We booked the platinum package and had the best service.

Staff: delightful, friendly, helpful, and patient 
Location: near the strip and they come pick you up (how awesome is that?)
Price: totally affordable and worth every penny

We will be coming back again when we visit Las Vegas.. Delicious! Came to Food Truck Friday and went in thinking I'd get my usual fare, The Bear from Short Leash, but when I saw the menu for Satay Hut, I knew I wanted to order from there. They had four skewer options: pork, beef, chicken and tofu. I ordered the vegetarian meal option, which included two tofu skewers, rice, veggies, hard boiled egg, cucumber salad and spicy peanut sauce. The lady told me it would be ten minutes, but it was closer to 15. It was worth the wait. The flavors were incredible! I love eating sweet, savory and spicy food all together. The peanut sauce was mouthwatering good, and the tofu had a tasty sauce in it. Overall, everything worked really well. A bit steep pricing, $9, and nothing wiper filling but definitely made fresh to order. I would revisit this truck in the future.. We really like  this place. The staff is friendly, food is very good and it's hot, even when I take it to go it's hot when I get home.  It's been hard to find good Chinese food since we moved here 8 years ago from Washington state. We are so happy to have found Chen's.. Delicious food. Love the teriyaki chicken and sweet and sour chicken. Everyone in there is always so nice.. I had never been at K Odonnell's despite seeing 20% off coupons in The Clipper Magazine and driving past it on my way to Sam's.  Went there Saturday night.  They had their misters on for the patio but since the patio allows smoking I didn't want to take a chance that a smoker would sit next to us and puff in my face.  So inside we went.  Within seconds of getting the menu we were asked if you were ready.  I then volunteered that we had never been here before and as a result did not know the menu AND that we needed more time.  I wanted the Pork Green Chle Soup, but was disappointed that they were out of it.  Out of it??? at 7PM on a Saturday night?  Come on now!!!  I then ordered a cup of the Guinness stew and after one tablespoon I knew that this was not for me.  When something needs that much salt and pepper AND tabasco, it's time for a change.  And isn't soup supposed to be hot??  I then got the Chicken Tortilla soup which was really delicious.  My hubby decided he would drink his appetizer.  He ordered a special they had of a bloody mary made with Absolute Peppery Vodka.  I didn't know that type of vodka existed.  The drink was really good!   You didn't think I was just going to have the soup without slurping some of that delicious bloody mary, did you????  The fish and chips I ordered was plentiful.  3 nice pieces of cod made with beer batter and really crispy french fries just like I ordered them.  It came with a delicious, fresh, non-mayonaisy cole slaw.  Nice.  Hubby ordered a medium rare hamburger that came perfectly cooked and which he claimed was delicious (although I wouldn't know if you know what I mean! )  Some people don't share.  I digress.  He also ordered sweet potato fries which he said were delicious (although I wouldn't know if you know what I mean! )  Get my drift?  All in all we had a very nice tasting dinners and the pricing was just right.  We think we definitely will be back!. I walked into Culinary Dropout for a quick lunch before heading to the strip to walk and enjoy the beautiful weather. 

I had a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun with french fries :-). Everything about my meal was delicious. I didn't want to leave anything on my plate!!

My server was awesome. He was efficient and kind to this single female sitting in his section.

Loved the fact that the restaurant is directly by the pool. They do have a section of tables outside with fire pits, but it was closed during the day due to wind (which is the reason for the missing star -- if I asked, and there is a server present, you should let me sit outside).

There is another location in Phoenix, but I don't know if it is as good! :-). A gem in the Valley!  My only complaint is that I didn't know about it when my son was a bit younger.  There are a couple areas for children under 3 that he would have loved!  I also went back for the yelP event and had a great time as an adult! Can't wait to play hooky with my son and go back!. Best pizza this family has had anywhere ~ as the evening went on the menu only got better.   My husband took my boys and me out for my birthday dinner..   he suggested we try Nook and we were game.   
It quickly shot to the top of our all time favorite restaurants...  Service was top notch, owner stopped by to inquire how we were, and our food tasted as good as it looked *and it all was gorgeous.*  
We will be back, what a wonderful evening we had ~ we highly recommend!. My guy loves the pizza here so we made a stop about 2 hours after our early dinner or late lunch at BLT.  Since I was all dressed up and was afraid to gain massive amounts of weight in a short period of time and because it was sweet of him to buy me the burger at BLT, I treated him to a slice but he made me take a few bites of the pizza and continued to roll his eyes and scoff when I would hesitate to eat.  

It is a good pizza.. very saucy (I always order my pizza w/ extra sauce), the pizza is thin but was a little bit doughy at the end, and our peperoni and jalapenos were evenly distributed.  It is "our" thing to add jalapenos (if not bacon as well) to our pizzas... I don't know why there wasn't bacon on this thing, haha.  He could have ordered bacon w/ a side of bacon (haha).  

Sitting outside, there was music blaring from afar, people from all walks of life trekking back and forth, and the best thing that I saw whilst enjoying my snack at New York-New York were the slabs of dry-aged beef (steaks) featured at Gallagher's.  Did you know that Gallagher's is the only place in New York City to grill their steaks over hickory coals?  Now you do!. Best fried rice I have ever had. I would repeat.. Second massage even better than before.. Thanks for working me in.. Kathy. I was able to snag a last minute opening.. You Rock!. I love this place. I like the dim lights while I eat it's very relaxing. The bread is great! I like the variety. My favorite meal I like to get there is the Thai chicken pasta! Oh my gosh to die for. And any of their cheesecakes are worth getting! :). So I am such a procrastinator! Went in on Thursday 10/13 4pm to find a wedding band to match my Tiffany's princess cut with bezel setting. Trish was awesome I showed her kind of what I wanted and she had a band and had it altered and it was ready that Saturday 10/15! amazing people! I will so be back to have any jewelry made or sized. Or anything for that matter.. I have to say, this place is AWESOME!  It is everything you want in a sports bar - excellent food, decent selection of beers, comfortable - it is one of our go-to spots.  The "Ten Dollar Grilled Cheese" is SO good...its under-priced!

Try the smoked wings - you will love, love, love them!. Delicious benges! Love the french roast! The club sandwich on a benge is a must try! Friendly service and relaxing atmosphere.. Loved it! The food and the service was great. What more can you ask for?! One of Las Vegas' hidden treasures.. Eat DuPar's and love a lot is my new tagline. I first visited this place when my wife was prego with our first kid less than three years ago. We tried the pancakes our first visit and absolutely fell in love with this place. 

The pancakes are so savory and buttery that they pretty much dissolve in your mouth. This is now the only place I'll eat pancakes. Toast here is unique too because they make their own jam (strawberry and orange marmalade). Pies and pastries are freshly made daily. The cinnamon rolls are piping hot when you order so you can eat it before your meal. Also, the orange juice is fresh squeezed in house. 

According to Golden Gate, they were the first to serve up the shrimp cocktail and the reason for its ongoing mainstream success in Las Vegas. I know it's strange to have shrimp cocktail in the morning, but it's pretty damn epic especially at 8 in the morning. Don't knock it until you try it. Actually just hearing this little factoid made me enjoy it more. 

The interior looks like a 1960 mob diner with wood accent walls and crown paneling to give you that 'I'm not in Kansas anymore' feel. Traditional black and white marble tile pattern the floor as you walk in and are overwhelmed by the amount of hungry and overly eager people waiting on their food. After you sit, you are then greeted by a waitress that is dressed like a Liberace house maid. 

Food and service is always great here. I call this place the Holy Grail of Pancakes and my hidden gem of Las Vegas. I want this place to stay open for my kids so they can truly appreciate what I've experienced.. Ill be honest. I had one goal and one goal only when I wend to Vegas.... this place

The wait for this place when we went (with a large group) was one hour. Do I complain... not a bit. great excuse to play a table game and get my dink on downstairs  in the casino. Once our friend got the call that the table was ready that's when the excitement set in. I look in the menu and duh I order the chicken Benedict thing! That dish came out and I started feeling full! The portions were soooooo large! Like seriously a family of four could have at this dish. I finished what I could and I must say that it was very delish!!!! Everything was cooked to perfection and well seasoned and that chipotle cream sauce changed my life!!!

The prices (considering the portions) were very good. The over all cleanliness of the restaurant was very good! that place gets a lot of business moving in and out so im sure its easy to keep a place like that spotless, but they do a very good job. The staff was very friendly and accomidating as well. We had a friend who has some dietary restrictions and they had no problems helping her out. 

I must say that the next time I return to Vegas this will be on the top of my list of places to go!!. I dropped off a pair of boots yesterday that needed repair and they're already fixed the next day! Friendly and speedy service at a fair price. I highly recommend this shoe repair store.. We came here with a Groupon, on a mission to try something new. You know when you get into a restaurant rut and want to try something new, but are a bit nervous to branch out? What if the new place isn't good? What if you waste time, money and a precious meal on a place that's not tried and true?

In short, I'm so glad we came! We weren't disappointed in the least!

The restaurant is very nicely decorated, but you do get the casino ambiance (read: slot noises and cigarette smoke). It's clean and seems to be well-run. You order at the counter at the entrance. The menu is small; we ended up going the "Build Your Own" route. Prices are very fair. The "base price" ($6-7) covers your meat, bun, basic toppings and side. Add ons are 50 cents to a dollar. We both got 1/2 lb beef patties with various toppings.

This is the way a burger should be! Juicy, cooked exactly to order, tastes like a "backyard bbq" burger. The fries are also really tasty!

We'll be back, even without a Groupon!. Breakfast was delicious and the staff really makes you feel at home.  You know it's a great place to eat when customers bring the host a hand knit Afghan as a late Christmas present.. Cute and scantily-clad dancers, strong drinks, and great music to dance to- is there anything else I need from club? 

Although all the guys there clearly go for the hot dog, and not the taco, it doesn't make me appreciate them any less as awesome eye-candy while I'm dancing to some Britney Spears or Madonna remix. My Vegas BFF has taken me here twice, and I've had a fantastic time each time I've gone. While that first time is kinda hazy in my head from all the vodka tonics that night,  I'll never forget how me and my BFF were totally trashed on a bench in the patio, and being kindly told to leave 'cuz it was closing time. Good times.. Ummm...how do you sell out of Roast Beef at 1pm?!?!

It's a good think your other sandwiches are just as tasty!  Came here with a large group of friends--which means, i got to steal a bite off everyone's sandwich. 

Conclusion?  Pass on the Hawaiian sandwich, but the Italian was awesome.  Oh, and if they have tomato soup. ORDER IT.. Yummy food !  The food was a surprising delight to the Queen Creek Olive Mill. We hadn't planned on eating but everything looked and smelled so good and we had 20 minutes to kill before our tour of the olive factory.
So the hubby and I split a egg panini sandwich served on a Challah bread from Simply Bread that was simply amazing. Egg with a tapenade of Zucchini and who knows what else but it tasted really good.  Mom had a 
Banana Gelato , they must have thought  she said super size cuz it was a huge portion.  Every other  item they served  looked just as delicious .I was really tempted to get a brushetta snack as well, they serve large pieces of with their fabulous tapenades. Next time I am planning to eat there for lunch and try something new.. This place was great! A group of us were in Montreal a couple of weeks ago for Osheaga and we went to Wienstein and Gavino's on our first night in the city. I love the decor, there's outdoor seating, 2 floors with tons of space, very accommodating staff (especially for a group of 12 who made a reservation 30 min before we arrived) and the food and drinks were great! A little bit over-priced for smaller portions, but we expected that. Our server was awesome! We'll definitely return the next time we're in the city.. The food the food the food!  OMG, the food!  Lots of yummy tidbits to taste, presented nicely.  And lots of different cuisine.  And then there was the bottomless mimosa option for $11.99.  So worth it!. Monta Ramen, you have yet to be dethroned as my number 1 ramen joint. If only you did not have 1-2 hours waiting time, you and I can get married.  

Check out my Monta Ramen (Hakata) vs Ramen Sora (Sapporo) review here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=b_9bJ2YjHbbvAob56f6U7A

Want to see some food porn?
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#LpKw1AurwdwET8QrRRONgw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#m4yXnNO5Vc6iK6pNgUKqOA. I'm glad that I found this place I have been coming here for over 3 years and will never go anywhere else . They do a fabulous job and I never have any complaints . And yes they do hand wash your vehicle it doesn't go through a machine wash . If you look through their windows they only have machines putting solution on and then people are washing it - just had to clarify because some people are not convinced on that part . They are kind and courteous . You can even wait inside for your car . And the cashier April is amazing ! She is always super nice and always smiling  great place to get your car washed !!!!. The Chicken pho was amazing....from the broth to the fixings. The chicken came in little strips which made it easier to enjoy. I also had the egg rolls....great texture and with the fish sauce it may have been the best rolls I have had. Customer service was great. Prices are good as well. 

If I'm ever in Vegas again this will be my pho spot.. As a buffet newbie, I can't parse the differences among all the Strip offerings, so keep that in mind. 

We went for breakfast. No line at 9 am. Attentive but not annoying service. The food was surprisingly good: high-quality, not overcooked, and varied. An unexpected thumbs-up for the caramelized apples (to add to your oatmeal), the cheese blintzes (top with the blueberry sauce), the African bluenose, and the beef tenderloin.. No doubt my experience here may have been a little skewed because my friends are tight with the owner, Tariq, but I absolutely loved this place.  What a great combination of tourist attraction, good food and good service.  The inside of the restaurant is really like being inside of the genie bottle on I Dream of Jeanie. 

The amount of food you get with the six course dinner is incredible.

Course #1 - Shrimp Scampi - So lemony and buttery.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  Maybe my favorite course.  

Course #2 - A hummus platter of pickled carrots, olives, pita bread.  The hummus had a great flavor.  Loved it. 

Course # 3 - Some type of hot tomato soup.  This was the only course I didn't enjoy.

Course #4 - Beef skewers.  They're presented in a pineapple, more for show than anything, but this course was so good!

Course #5 - Chicken with couscous.  Enjoyed this.

Course # 6 - Dessert.  I don't know how else to describe it.  By this point I was seeing stars from all the food.  I remember it was a warm pastry with fruit and nuts and a half ton of powdered sugar.  

All for $40 a person!  Admittedly, I have little to no experience with belly dancers, but I thought both of the dancers we saw were great.  This place was entertaining and far exceeds Tournament of Kings in terms of entertainment and quality of the food.   

I plan to go back and bring out-of-towners because Marrakech is such a unique experience.. Got take out, 10 spicy scale chicken vindaloo and the chicken was super juicy and it was definitely the spiciest. Not too spicy where I couldn't eat some of it, but hot enough for my brother who needs everything to be very very spicy.. Earls Sandwich... it's simply THE BEST!!!!!!  Awhile I was in Las Vegas, friends and I stopped by here to grab a bite.  Everything was incredibly delicious!  After painting the town with fond memories, we made a trip back the same night to have some more!  And also stopped by the next morning to grab some for the road home!  Since I'm from Orange County, we found out a new location was opening in Downtown Disney and couldn't wait for it to open!. Nice atmosphere, plays blues and jazz bands on the weekends. I haven't got to try they're food yet but I've heard nothing but good things about it. Will definitely be back.. True Food gets high remarks from me mainly for the friendly service and casual, open atmosphere. I especially like that there is a lot of outdoor seating, and the indoor seating is somewhat greenhouse or gazebo-like.

The food tastes pretty good, but my suggestion is not to arrive too hungry. The food is so damn healthy that it leaves you wanting to snack on something immediately after leaving the restaurant. It's a good thing that there are no cookie or cupcake shops around the corner.

On my latest visit, I ordered the organic tomato and roasted vegetable pizza, which was quite tasty, but much to my surprise did not have any cheese on it. I dumped an entire bowl of parmesan cheese on it to make up for it. I wonder if they'll add some mozzarella cheese to it next time I order it. At least that way it'll stick to my bones and drown out my snacking cravings after eating there.. I didn't step foot on the golf course, I'm sorry to say, but it was 113 degrees when we were there. It was hard to breathe outside.

We stayed in Building 9, and it was quite a ways from the pool or the lobby. I find that a positive, because it means less traffic around my room. We stayed on the second floor, and we heard no noise from neighbors at all. However, we definitely heard the A/C all night long. It sounded as if a tub were draining. 

Upon check-in, there were a number of problems with the unit. First was that the washer leaked profusely. Engineering immediately came to take care of that problem. Then I noticed that the phone didn't work. I called the front desk and could hear them, but they couldn't hear me. 

The connecting rooms were a great space for our family (3 kids, two adults), but I wish there was a better way to connect our doors. As others have noted, it is definitely time to update the decor. Clean rooms are great, but outdated SW decor doesn't project the right image for the timeshare company that owns the property, nor does it encourage owners to buy any more time! 

Our family found this resort a fine spot for our excursions to the zoo and to the children's museum. We took a very long day up to Grand Canyon, but anyplace in Phoenix would have been out of the way.

We had a good time, despite the crazy heat, and the room was adequate. The staff was very accommodating, although they called daily to lure us into sales talks, which we easily avoided.

I'd recommend this resort, but not in the heat of June. October is probably better.. My mom and I had our hair done here recently. I called to book and was placed with Candis. She did both of our hair and we were really impressed. She is friendly and takes her time to make sure we got exactly what we wanted. The price was very reasonable as well. Salon is spotless and all of the people working there were very friendly. I will definitely come back.. My husband and I have been going to Aquila Dental for over 5 years now. And now our oldest kids are seen there too. There office staff is beyond friendly and always remember you, call you by name and ask how you have been. It is a great small office vibe. They really take there time with everything they do, and are very professional. They are a great team.. What's with all the negative reviews? We loved this place! We took our two little ones with us and hung out outside while we waited for our food. Of course we received the best customer service ever, it IS Two Hippies, after all... We ordered a $7 greek pizza (what a STEAL!) and the same priced pepperoni for the kiddos. The Greek pizza was A-mazing. Toppings galore with no skimping on the chicken. And the kids loved the pepperoni pizza. Will definitely make this a regular stop, it definitely beats Little Caesars! Can't wait for the Breakfast Joint to open!


Okay, so I thought I should update my review since I have tried so much more of the menu now.
*Pepperoni - always a classic, tastes great
*Chinese - surprisingly good, crunchy (i didn't expect that!) 
*Greek - still my fave.
*Cheeseburger - k, i didn't think I'd like this one but I really did. I wouldn't have expected to like the pickle. But it actually tasted really good, there was only one on the slice I had and I didn't expect it.
*Feta and Bacon - YUM! ok, i need to try the greek again, this one might be my new fave. The feta is so good on the pizza.. and bacon.. yum
So they have won me over 100% I can't wait to try the mediteranean!

Oh, and one more thing to those people who keep complaining about the 1.50 atm fee.. they don't charge tax.. so don't you think that makes up for it?? Or you could.. just bring cash! C'mon people, super cheap, tastes great, no tax.. does anything make you happy?!. Happened on this place after a football game. The Bruiser was amazing. Seasoned well and the caramelized onions make it. The fries are crispy on the outside and soft inside. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in years. Go. Be happy.. Okay so it's in a weird location and the name leaves you asking what kind of food is here? 
Well fuck , everything is Delish, a great variety, great service, desserts are outrageously good. 
They care that food tastes good. They make sure you are satisfied. They don't have same boring menu that most chains do. And they try to source some local stuff! 
One of greatest casual restaurant in valley.. !!! Oh if you love beer it seems they have great selection.... I know this joint is called Los Tacos but in my book they're called Los Burritos!

I have only tried their tacos once, which were pretty good but I always come for the burritos, I think you get more bang for your buck that way. I'm one of those people who tries something the first time and continually orders the same thing on each visit, I'm weird like that, I won't order anything else and don't even want to try anything else.

The meat is always seasoned just right, juicy and soft. Guacamole and cheese will cost you a bit extra but to me it's worth it. There's no way you could ever go wrong with guacamole and cheese. I think life would be better if all the dishes on earth had both. 

When dining in you get your food pretty fast. Drive through could be very slow, specially during lunch rush hour so I won't hold them against that. It's totally understandable. This will always be my go to burrito place, on average I spend a little less than $10 on lunch here including a drink, their agua de pina is oh so thirst quenching, I la la love it! Give them a try, I dare you!. Oh my goodness this place is incredible and serves authentic Polish food.  Even on a day that they had slow service, the food made up for it.  Everything tasted so fresh and homemade.  I love the location (old Montreal), the inside of the restaurant is designed really well, and overall just a great meal.  My boyfriend and I shared the kielbasa appetizer and the stuffed cabbage rolls.  Delicious!  Plus, the portions were perfect and the price was reasonable.. The food alone is worth five stars, but there were a few detractors in our experience that made me knock off a star. Let's review.

The space itself is really nice, although small, with gorgeous wallpaper, red lacquered tables and little stone 'pillows' for your spoons and chopsticks. It's that sort of attention to detail that I appreciate. The service was good as well, the servers were all kind and courteous. The menu is fairly extensive, with something for everyone's tastes, and a good number of traditional Korean dishes and loads of seafood. Nom.

We ordered the pork and squid bulgogi and hot pot with tofu and clams. The flavors were incredible, especially the bulgogi - tender pork, even more tender squid, cooked to spicy perfection. We cleaned that place instantaneously. The hot pot was quite good as well, although there was an abundance of onions and only five lonely clams in the whole bowl. They were so good, I wanted more of them! This is part of the reason why Shilla falls short of a five-star experience. The other reason was the banchan - I'm likely spoiled, but I'm used to plentiful, bottomless banchan and at Shilla we only received four dishes (and kimchi wasn't even included! sacrilege!) and once they were empty, they were gone. 

After we were done eating and our dishes were cleared and we mentioned that we were all finished now, thank you very much, we were made to wait for a good ten-fifteen minutes while the servers cleared tables and sat new arrivals. We finally had to ask for the check specifically. Am I missing something, or is it customary to marinate once one is finished with one's meal and sitting at an empty table?

I think once my expectations have been lowered a bit, I could definitely enjoy Shilla for the great Korean food and amazing flavors - but don't expect plentiful portions or an abundance of banchan.. Great place would definitely would recommend to others!. Food was good, service was friendly but very slow, no prompt refills... had to ask twice for many things... Fresh guacamole, good queso fundido con chorizo. Chips very thick, roasted salsa not spicy but tasty. 

Word of advice: We noticed at the end that they have stuffed churros. If you want churros order them early or mid meal, they were so hot we could not enjoy them : P. I went after work tonight and was prepared for a long wait. I was the only customer at 5:20 pm. Immediately acknowledged by Heidi. Switched out old cable box for two new HD ones. Heidi was super nice and efficient. Was put of there in 5 minutes!. This is my go to place for a really good beef enchilada. The red sauce is always flavorful, and the combo with rice and beans will surely satisfy your cravings. Even the rice and beans are delicious, and remind me of home. I'm never afraid to just order a good ol' bean & cheese burrito. With their salsa verde, it is the perfect choice if you just want something simple. Of course, they do have carne asada, a typical staple for any Mexican food joint, and theirs is pretty darn good. I always get it as a quesadilla, and I'm always happy with the decision. Don't let their old school tables fool you, this place is full of good food!. I went other day to Honolulu cookie store at Palazzo shops on 2nd floor. I love coming here for their samples of shortbread cookies and water. They have array of cookies in different packages or customize boxes- 9.95 or 16.95. The non-Asian sales person on Wednesday evening 5:30pm was very friendly and offer suggestions. I forgot to ask for his name. Tip, get a stamp card when purchasing cookies. I purchased the customize cookies box 16.95 with dark chocolate dipped cookies, coconut cookies, jelly filled cookies, chocolate dipped cookies, etc. These cookies are great as gifts or treat for self.  They have another location in front of Ballys casino on the strip. Credit cards or cash is accepted.. My husband and I had the shrimp and grits, the hash and the heirloom tomato salad. While all of them were exceptional, my favorite had to be the salad. I'm normally one to error on the side of savory but between the homemade ricotta, the peppery corn bread, and the breathtaking glacier lettuce, I found myself eating it more than my shrimp and grits. The grits were perfect and the shrimp was completely whole. Something about it was off putting and completely captivating at the same time. Side note: Please use Crystal hot sauce forever. It is the only one. The hash was delicious and unpredictable. The eggs were cooked perfectly. All in all, I can't wait to try more of what they have to offer there.. So I've only been here a couple times to pick up my besties kitty from being housed here.  Everything is always smooth, people are so friendly and the place is immaculate.  Everytime we have left, the girls make a big deal about saying good bye to the little guy.  Based on my friends love for this place I am definitely considering bringing my dog here.  She says they know her cat by name everytime she goes there.  Instant relief when you know your beloved pet is going to be loved and taken care of.  A definite must for animal lovers!. Finally got to try this place after months of reading the reviews and dreaming of a big bowl of shrimp wonton soup. It was well worth the wait. The wontons were delicious, the broth was a little spicy, which I loved, and the ramen was perfectly cooked. Pricing was more than reasonable and I left very sated.. Tasty, juicy burger.  A step up from you usual fast food burger joint. It seemed to be popular (possibly because it's new or could be convenience or could be because they have great burgers) because there was a line to the door every time we walked by. Prices were better then a full service restaurant.  If your only looking for a sweet fix you can hit the walk up window for some delicious custard. Burgers were a bit greasy but tasty. Definitely will stop back in on our next trip to Vegas!. Went here for restaurant week, and they sure did deliver!

The salad bar was RIDICULOUS- seriously, artichoke hearts, shittake mushrooms, roasted garlic! Holy cow, it was insanely good! Could do without the buffet style, but its restaurant week, so I'll give them a break.

The main course was delicious. When that card is flipped to the green side, beware! They come at you quickly, offering you bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, garlic steak.. So much to choose from! The sausage was wonderful, as was the filet. Order on the rare side, because the steak tends to be over cooked. 

The desert was wonderful, but I was so full that it was quite difficult to finish it! I had the Tres Leches cake, and it definitely blew away my expectations.

Just to note, they have a wonderful wine list, as well as very nice valet in front! Do visit!. I have been waiting very patiently to write about Howie's because I wanted to make sure the service was good each time I had to go in. My car is a little old and when her radiator decided to crack about 4 inches, the head gasket decided to warp too. But I did not that at first. It took awhile for the effects of that to really come about in my car. 

So I had taken it in multiple times for overheating until he finally found the real culprit. Richie was my mechanic and he was very nice about it all. He was fair in price for sure, even with new breaks put in and a new head gasket that only took about a week and few days, I came in under budget. 

The rest of the staff is super nice. They drove me all the way to UNLV once when I had to drop it off. They explained things I asked about , because I like to know things about my car. And it has been two weeks since I got it back and she has been going strong. I may even try to drive her to Cali soon and see how she does. 

This place rocks and I doubt I will ever take my car anywhere else. Thank you all!. Every good thing you read here is right. UH MAZ ING. 

Only thing I can add is the guac based green salsa is the best thing ever. We had it in Austin, TX and they either called it green salsa or Salsa Dona. It is really hot but worth it. Go now. Go often. Go again. 

Only negative is that I wish it was about 5 times bigger to accommodate everyone.. Our friends treated us to our first 4d ultrasound.  This place is amazing! The packages they offer give you so much, the ultrasound tech and receptionist were just beyond friendly and helpful and the clarity of the ultrasound was out of this world. We would recommend this facility to anyone that is expecting. We are going back in 8-10 more weeks for a follow up!. Wonderful but such a fat walk to everywhere.  The suite was amazing,   The service was 5., even the maids were nice.   A few small problem in our room like blinds,  etc but they were repaired immediately.  We will stay there again.  I'm trying to plan my next trip now.. I was extremely upset to hear that Bamboo Club has closed!!!!  They just offered a new groupon a couple of weeks ago and the only way that I heard that they closed was from an email that Groupon sent out.  I wish they would have let their customers on their email list know that they were closing.  Honestly, Bamboo Club was one of our favorite restaurants in the valley.  I hope that someone from the Bamboo Club management sees this yelp review and responds to why they closed and why they didn't let their patrons on their email list know ahead of time.  I think that would have been the right thing to do. Bamboo Club will truly be missed.. Best pizza I have ever had!! 

I dream about this pizza, no other pizza comes close... I feel like I'm cheating on Spinato's when I eat other pizza. That's how good it is! Spinato's is an all around great restaurant, family owned, service is friendly and accommodating... good for dates, dinner to catch up with a friend, lunch with a coworker, great for a group dinner for a birthday or just family. 

I usually start off with the garlic bread, which comes with marinara sauce.. But I recommend making it a little more fun by adding mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and tomato. The salads are tasty and come in a good sized portion... For example, a side salad is good for 2, entree is good for 2-3. My go to pizza is the Mamma Spinato's which includes spinach, tomatoes, garlic, and toasty cheese tossed with love! I always add onions for that extra kick.. Pizzas can be shared and split into 2 different combinations (they even separate it with a line of tomato sauce so you know which is which) dessert is the only department they lack in.. Cannoli's are no bueno :( the dough tastes old and the cream filling is too sweet.  Overall, this is definitely on my top favorite list of restaurants in the valley.. Eating here always makes my day.. Heck even my week!! :). This bar is definitely a hidden gem!
Literally the best views in any bar I've been in in Vegas, small and secluded, easily food a spot on a Saturday night at midnight.
The drinks off the menu were all very good, my ONLY problem is spending $18 on a drink that was half as big as a drink I can get for $12 at any other similar type bar. Sure the glass is good size but it's filled to the brim with ice!
I'm not looking to get crazy drunk, but still!
Overall, great spot, prices kept it from being 5 stars for me.. I love the Mexican food here. The food is very spicy and well prepared. Our service was good. I like to sit inside in the dining room. You can sit in a booth and hear the conversation without having to shout at each other. We will come back soon.. We came to Vegas on a timeshare promotion. We listened to a 90 minute presentation and got VIP tickets to Nathan Burton's magic comedy show.

With VIP tickets we were also invited to a pre-show, a full hour of magic and comedy up close. There were maybe 20 people tops so we all got a super special experience with magician Armando Vega.  

He gave us the best slight of hand show in Vegas, hands down...NOT TO MISS.  Like I said, we were a small audience and we were face to face. He incorporated everyone in the small audience, even the kids. Super fun!!!

If Armando Vega is ever performing near the Bay Area or for the next time I'm in Vegas, I'd go out of my way to see his show again.. Good service, smiling faces, and the best food Denny's has to offer. Unlike most Denny's I have been to, I don't think anyone is on parole here.. love this place! great customer service and fantastic results! highly recommend this place!. I got to try a lot of different flavors as I kept going back, I tried all their Asian flavors, I'm not a fan of the ginger it's a little spicy and not what I expect from ice cream, but they added ginger candy into the ice cream which has a nice flavor. The taro was light, I couldn't really taste much of the taro in it, but it was still good and fragrant. The guava was good too, it was made from pink guava, really light in color, but really good, I loved it enough to take some home. The green tea is good too, tastes a lot better then the ones you find in other stores or prepackaged ones, tastes just like the ones I find in Japan. Black sesame is sweeter then the rest, at least to me it is but it's still really good. 

The regular flavors I've tried a bunch of them and they're all good, not so sweet as I would find american ice cream to be, but there is still a sweet sense to them all. One that stood out was the banana chocolate chip, but I don't like the added chocolate chip to the banana ice cream, but it's still good. I would actually like to see just banana ice cream by itself.. This place is where I usually go for family dinners their Italian food is great and they will occasionally have a performance by an Italian singer but what really had me hooked was their lemon sorbet it's amazing it is smooth and creamy and melts in your mouth its great. :D. Yummilicious ! And that waitress is WORKING the place!!!! So good! Buffalo bites are HOT! Mac n Cheese to die for, with a hint of lemon undertone - mmmmm!!!!. Got here late on a Saturday and we did buy pre-sale tix but the line at 12 midniggt was long.  So we gave the man with the clipboard a Benjamin and we walked right in no waiting so you can either wait an hour in line or pay a little extra grease to walk right in.. Walked in, never been here... LOVE LOVE LOVE! Pumpkin pedicure rocks! They treated my daughter like a princess and me like a Queen. Friendly, clean, professional but personable. Worth every penny. Easy freeway access so no excuses. Get here and see Tammy the owner. I'm hooked. This is my new salon!!!. i got tattooed here while visiting a friend in summer 2005. by corey, i think.

a year and a half later i'm still extremely pleased. the color has held wonderfully, and corey (sorry, if i got your name wrong! it's been a while) was awesome in general. he gave me tons of extra shading for only $100. with the time i spent in his chair it should have cost quite a bit more.

i'm always getting compliments on the quality of my tattoo, in fact, this place has sort of spoiled me for others. i'm worried that i won't like my next tattoo near as much.

5 stars for the tattoo itself, but minus one star because i saw a flash on the wall that was misspelled, and that's just wrong.. I went to the Marquee on January 1st full of anticipation of the unexpected. We were walked in by the very friendly doormen, and omg....i was in awe!!!! Such a great experience....the club is glamourous, i LOVE the 3 levels; the upstairs is the classy lounge with pool tables and books, the middle level is glorious where Kaskade was spinning, and the lower level had dirty hip hop :D 
    The staff was so friendly, it really enhanced the mood...i asked where to find the restroom, and one of the staff offered his arm and escorted me....wow! they made you feel like they wanted you there, not that they were sick of you. haha.
     The crowd was also classier for the most part...beautiful layout, amazing lighting and audio visuals were epic! I'm going back in a few days...can't wait!

ps the E.C. Twins are my new favorites ;)) FABULOUS!. $5.50 for an unlimited ride bracelet!! That's awesome, my kids (3&5) loved the place! It wasn't packed, service was great, the train ride was really fun, there was a carousel, boat ride, train, fares wheels. They sold snacks, and drinks. Great Prices. Will be going there again if I get a chance. This is a classic Vegas breakfast stop.
The service is wonderfully fast and friendly. Smiles all around. The fruit is the best I have seen as a side dish. Huge pieces of perfectly ripe fruit! I had to take my extras with me. The Eggs Benedict had thick pieces of ham, oozing eggs and a crisp muffin.

We ordered a custom omelette. They are happy to give you exactly what you want. The cheese was generous and soooo melty ( is that a word?). The edges were crisp and buttery. As decadent as it was, it wasn't heavy or greasy. 

Definitely a stop you will be happy with!. Uh-oh. I think Kinh Do and Dakao have some competition on their hands- the bahn mi here are cheap, huge, and tasty, with an incredible bread! The sandwiches are usually pretty low-priced but the version here is a "foot long" - literally two huge halves, double the portion that you get elsewhere, for only a buck or so more. My usual complaint about bahn mi is the lackluster bread- but here, it is fresh baked, fluffy, and beautiful. It almost reminds me of a challah bread. I'm definitely coming back here for more sandwiches, though the selection is a bit limited . Grab the dac biet!

The namesake pho is also a good option- broth was lighter than is typical around town, and meat was an average portion but less fatty than cuts served at other shops. Large and small sizes are offered, typically under $10. Two of us split a large and didn't finish it. I was a bit surprised to see the pho included sliced white onions. Menu has some healthier-sounding options, including a chicken pho and a shrimp version.

The spring rolls were the only item we were slightly less than blown away by- portion of two rolls came nicely plated and generously served with two cups of creamy peanut sauce. However, the filling seemed to be mostly shredded iceberg lettuce with the protein/noodles. Everything was fresh and priced appropriately though ($5).

Service was attentive and friendly- much more so than I'm used to receiving at a Vietnamese place, to be honest. The massive order above was $22 for two before tip, and was enough food to leave an entire roll and half a sandwich for my lunch the following day. I'll be back!. Loved everything about this place. The food was amazing with huge portions and it was quiet even though it was busy. Would highly recommend. I have never been disappointed with this food chain.. We really enjoyed our wine and appetizers on Timo's back patio. It was the night of the Sunnyslope Art Walk and they were slammed with people. After a reasonable wait, we had a very helpful server, great bottle of wine (Snapdragon Pinot Noir) and appetizers (try the warm fig and prosciutto - so good!). We will definitely be back to support this gem in our neighborhood.... I love this lowe's! The people who work here are nice and helpful. The only place I have had issue getting help is outside garden but it is busy there. If you are redoing your floors you should talk to Chad Hood. He is a specialist and will help you find the best stuff for your flooring needs! Go in and ask for him not the lady that works in that department. She will just say things to get you to buy the most expensive stuff in the store. She is pushy but Chad was knowledgeable and made me feel confident in my purchase. I know I will be back for all my little projects!. When I first moved to AZ I was completely stressed out that I was not going to find anyone to do my hair and then I found Paul! Paul is efficient, fast and flat out amazing! He puts my extensions in faster and better than anyone I have ever gone to before! He is also a fabulous colorist! A process that I usually don't look forward to but I love going to Paul to get my hair done! He's talented and a blast to be around!. I"m still a fan!

Went last Saturday night. Definitely not as crowded as it is during Oktoberfest. But the beer was still good and the food was very tasty!

Great sing along place if you want to chill, laugh, and drink a beer. It's caddy corner to the Hardrock Hotel .. This was great!  My boyfriend I ate here for lunch. We waited about 10 minutes. Not bad. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. She was sure to show us the size of the fries before ordering (1 order is PLENTY for two people). I love when they are helpful so that too much food isn't ordered unnecessarily. 

Food-  I had the Euro burger. Delish!  I had it medium cooked and it had goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, aioli, arugula on a sesame seed bun. My only issue was the bun. I found it a little dry but the burger was so good it made up for that. My boyfriend got a burger with just cheese and duck bacon. He liked it and said the duck bacon tasted like normal bacon. We ordered the Parmesan truffle fries. Our waitress brought out the wrong fries, the regular ones. Once I brought it to her attention she was super nice told us to snack on the wrong fries until ours comes out. Fries - I wanted to like these. I'm not a fan of steak cut fries and was also surprised they weren't crispy. The aioli dipping sauce on the side was awesome but I would overall say fries were "ok". 

Good burger place for Vegas. Decent prices. Maybe next time I'll try a different side.. My 100th review!!

Bacchus: The Roman God of Feasts
Bacchanal: A Feast Worthy of Gods

If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I really would. I love the open and modern decor of this buffet and how easy it is to get around. It's seriously one of the biggest buffets around. There's a huge variety of foods including seafood, meats, cheeses, salads, etc. I think some of my favorite dishes here are the dim sum (mostly the hargow), steak and eggs, broccoli casserole...you know, to be honest I really can't list all of them. There's just so much to choose from! There's even an Asian soup station! You can order unlimited amounts of pho, ramen, or udon!  Crazy, I know!

I absolutely love the breakfast here. They have so much to choose from. This last time I visited they had some new dishes out compared to what they usually have. Not sure if it's permanent changes but I'm not complaining! 

Warning! This buffet is more expensive than others and on weekends it's almost a ridiculous price. But hey, you get what you pay for. Even so, you have to at least try it once! You won't be disappointed. I've tried other buffets and they don't compare. This has become a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas and I always leave fully satisfied. 

I have to say we truly ate like
kings. Definitely a feast worthy of gods.. I ordered take out from Wong's Jr last night for the first time and was surprizingly pleased.  You see, I'm a recent transplant from NY and I'm a bit of a sceptic when it comes to food out here.  I had gotten home late, wasn't thrilled with anything in the house, and didn't feel like going out again, so I decided on take-out.  I had been getting take out menus left on my door for months, so I decided to give it a shot.  They have a very large delivery area.  When I called, as soon as I told them it would be for delivery, they warned me that it may be an hour or so before it got to me.  That actually fit in well to my plans so I still went for it.  I ordered Mongolian Beef, Chicken and Broccoli and Sweet and Sour Chicken.  Everything was absolutely dee-lish!  He even threw in 2 eggrolls!  They gave me plenty of sauces and fortune cookies (sometimes they're a little skimpy on these).  The portions were overflowing from the containers.  Plenty of food for the price.  And... the delivery came in only 45 minutes. The man making the delivery found my apartment with no problems and was very pleasant and very appreciative of my tip.  Will most definately order again!. Little hidden gem.

This little cafe is a real delight. 

Food/drink : The coffee is delicious and so was the tea. The pastries and cookies were also great. Everything is simple, but in this case simple is best!

Service: the girl at the counter is very nice! Be a little patient, she's alone doing everything, so kudos.

Ambience : very laid back, nice eclectic decor (blend of retro, rustic, zen). Don't neglect the little terrace in the back!. If I could only shop at Nordstrom I would. Nordstrom should teach other places how customers should be treated.

favorite random surprisingly unknown fact about Nordys: they price match. shop dillard's macy's even ROSS, if Nordstrom has the exact same item but it has not yet been reduced, they will give it to you at that price no questions asked. so you can get the nordstrom service with the prices of Ross and without having to deal with Dillard's crap return almost non-existent return policy and customer service. 

also, i recommend continuously shopping with the same associate, loyalty pays off- promise! :)

and don't even try to buy a bra anywhere other than nordstrom, waste of your time and money! have a girl measure you, sit down and play tetris on your phone like I do and she will bring you the best bras that you swear were designed for you.. My face and the back of my head hurt afterwards...

Not from the big guy himself and his man sling or whips and chains, but from laughing.  If you don't go to this, fist yourself, ummm in the face and then make your Mom fist you, in the face because you have not lived. 

Also, I liked it a lot.. On a weekend get-away to Montreal, my beau surprised me with dinner at Chuck's house - le Bremner. We had reservations at the bar and let me tell you the bar is front row, centre stage for the best show on earth. My apologies to Barnum and Bailey, but Dean and the boys behind the counter have you beat. The cocktails are fresh, inspired concoctions that defy description - we enjoyed a lovely peach, ginger mint thingie that was over-the-top refreshing - not too sweet, not too bitter - sort of Goldie Locks in a glass because it was just right. We allowed Dean to steer the course of our meal and the journey was delicious - zucchini salad, tuna and tahini (so yum), classic tomato basil bocci chino, and the char. We enjoyed our meal so much that we took the chance on a drop in two days later. The staff were able to accommodate us in the back alley patio which is beautiful and fresh on a hot summer's eve. We totally changed things up on this occasion and went full-on meat - veal tartar and the 14 oz steak for two. Since I still haven't had an opportunity to try the pancakes, I guess we'll be back on our next trip.. Trini was great to work with.  We just needed a day of coordinator for our wedding, and her pricing and services were just right.  She absolutely has great taste and great ideas.  She is always available and has been very supportive during my typical bride freak out moments.  We definitely appreciated the fact that she went out of her way to come see our site the night before and doing other things we needed.. I bought a groupon for a cut and deep condition treatment and I LOVED my stylist, Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!. Customer Service is always amazing. I really like how this business is eco-friendly and their prices are very reasonable. This is the best dry cleaners to go to for your clothes. I highly recommend it.. WOW!!! don't miss out on this place...

Asian fusion at it's BEST. This restaurant is a real hidden gem!  I love to come and find out what weekly specials they have written on the famous wall. I appreciate the AAA top quality ingredients and the service is professional and friendly. Some of my favorite dishes are the Rock Shrimp, Beef Tobanyaki, Truffle oil Edamame, and Chillean Seabass. They have a happy hour too!! :) but  liquor coming soon. Sooooo Good!!!  When I ate the rice and beans, it was like having mi Abuela in the kitchen . The shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada special was DELISH!!!!!  I will absolutely go there again and again!!!!. Aside from the Macy's on 34th street in NY, this one is my favorite store.  They carry all my favorite designers, especially for work clothes.  Not to mention, the shoe department always the hottest selection of pumps.  There's a tiny Ukrainian woman that works in the shoe department, I love her, she is SO patient with me and gives me her two cents as she keeps bringing out the shoes.  

I wanna meet the buyer for this store and become her/his bestie.  They also have a personal shopper near the women's dressing rooms.  Not that I'd ever have the need for one but you might.  The sales people are always really nice and helpful.

On a side note: I once met this old guy who said he brought Janis Joplin to this store to buy panties when she did a show here.  I've always doubted that story but it never fails that when I go to the lingerie department I tell myself "I'm standing where the late great Janis stood."  She's one of my all times.. After two days of stress, I decided to see this show as an escape. I only wish that I would have  brought along my little nephews; they would have enjoyed it too!. This salon is amazing I stopped by to have a simple wash and style and seen Jessica she did 2 cute amazing French braids for me that looked great and gave me amazing treatment I can't Recommend this place more it is great and Jessica is amazing she gave me 5 start treatment and also decided to get a facial while I was there I will definitely go again without a doubt and the Aveda products are fabulous they also use all natural essential oils that are to die for if u live in southern highlands u shld def check this place out even if u don't I recommend it and I can't say enough about Jessica there I will definitely be a regular for her .. Because of their Yelp reviews, I decided to go here to see how much they would resize my wedding rings for.  They are made of sterling silver, and I was quoted at only $20 to get each resized!  I dropped them off on a Friday at two, and the lady was so nice.  She said at the latest the would get done Tuesday.  Of course I was a little sad, but I understood because they do have other clients.  However, they called me the next day at noon to tell me my rings were finished!  Now they fit me perfectly, and I couldn't be happier!. This was really good. The individual pizza can easily feed two. The thing to know is this is located one second floor in the food court. Not much ambience.. Maddy is the best!!! Stop in an enjoy the best bar service ever!! Locals stop by and enjoy!!. Go during the weekend for their Seafood Buffet, $39.99 crab legs and unlimited alcohol alone will definitely get me to go back to this buffet. 

I'm definitely a crab-hunter at any buffet I go to - their crab legs were delicious and they kept them stocked (some buffets you are waiting around, praying they come by soon to re-fill). You can get them cold or steamed and the legs are cut in half for easy crab meat access! Paired with Chardonnay I was in seafood bliss.

There have a great assortment of other seafood (oysters on half shell were also very good) but you can't keep me away from the crab legs... Yum!. Pastries, cakes, and buns galore! We came in here enticed by the wonderful smells of baked goods and the clean, well organized layout. I had a sample of some coffee flavored pastry which was quite amazing. I ended up taking back a vanilla roll ($7.99) and some steamed buns (4 for $5.99). They were huge and were filled with a good amount of meat and vegetable (I chose the pork and veg, but there was also the option for BBQ pork). Service was friendly and I felt the price was reasonable. I'll be back for more tasty treats!. Let's be honest. People have all sorts of ideas about how gelato ought to be, the texture and the taste. Having travelled to Italy - the type of gelati differs from even region to region. But the essential question remains... does it taste good?

This gelato doesn't taste like the gelati I remember growing up. No, the stuff I grew up with was lighter stuff that you could scarf down large amounts of (my sister said that the stuff we had back home is close to the types of gelati you find in Florence). 

Nonetheless, even though this frozen dessert is not like the gelati I remember, it is still very good.  Being closer to ice cream consistency, this gelati has more a creamy and rich texture. They have an assortment of older favourites (like hazelnut, pistachio, chocolate) and some more innovative flavours (like green tea, kalua banana). Having gone many times, they do rotate flavours. 

Some people are upset because a small serving size isn't cheap. That is true. Back home (in Canada), a $5 gelati could easily serve 3 or 2 very hungry people. However, that being said, I find that I can't eat too much of Vivido's because it is richer. 

One way to make it a little less painful on your wallet is to order a quart to go (which we normally do) and eat it at home. They have really great styrofoam containers that keep the frozen treat nice and cold.. I really needed my air conditioner fixed fast. Fellow San Tan Valley residents suggested Spencer Auto Repair. I am more than happy with the service I received. They were very nice and explained everything with prices that I needed done. They fixed my air conditioner in half the time and half the price quoted at a big chain store. All of my car repairs will be done here. I would suggest this place to everyone!. We were here twice during our visit to Pittsburgh one weekend.  Our hotel was right on Market Square, and we were looking for good restaurants within walking distance.  The first time we visited was for lunch and we split a pizza - Salsicce and Rapini and it was outstanding.  Wonderful, thin crust authentic pizza.  The second time we needed a light night snack and sat at the bar.   Il Pizzaiolo had no Cabernet (my red of choice) but the knowledgeable bartender offered me a few options and I picked one and was really happy -an Aglianico.  I would definitely order it again.  We split salumi - excellent stuff.  The kitchen was open late on a Saturday, the service was friendly and helpful, and while there were lots of customers, seating was available.  There is a wine bar upstairs, but we didn't have an opportunity to visit that part of the restaurant.. Totally forgot to buy the yelp deal, but we went for lunch last Fri and adults were $12.99 and my 5 yr old was $5.99 AYCE.

I've never been to a korean bbq ayce.  The korean bbq's I've been too, you order your plates of meat and cook it.  This place you get your own plates, whatever you want, and eat however much you want for one price.  Dinner is $18.99 I think.  Sat & Sun is all dinner prices.  For what we paid and ate, I thought it was a good deal.  Drinks were $1 each.  Not bad at all.. This one goes out to my former colleagues at the Fringe Society!

I have been going on about this shop for no short period of time; every time I have ever bimbled past, I have gazed longingly at their pretty, pretty dresses - every dress the kind that seems to fit and flatter - cleavage-flaunting, waist-cinching, cute'n'girly dresses with plenty of fabric in the skirt.

So when I left my job at the Fringe Society to join the wonderful world of Yelp, my super-perceptive colleagues presented me (among other things) with a voucher for Cookie. Bless you, Fringers. Bless you.

What with one thing and another, though, it's taken me until now to actually redeem it. (One thing being accidentally leaving it in Yorkshire; another being not having time to shop; a final being that on four - count them - FOUR separate occasions I have gone all the way there only to realise I've left the voucher at home)

BUT AT LAST, THIS WAS THE WEEK.

What can I say? The dresses aren't cheap - most of them come in around the £70 mark - but they're good-quality, fully-lined, well-fitting and made in nice, soft fabrics. There's also a heck of a range in here. I tried on a good few dresses, and sadly the one I liked best, a bright red one with little white dots, wasn't available in a 10, but its navy blue equivalent was and so KABOOM. I am kitted out for my trip to San Francisco. Look out, California, Polka-Dot Cressi is coming, and she's got a damn fine dress. Thank you, Fringe-folk. I am a the happiest spotted CM you ever did see.. I like this place bc the rooms have a little kitchen and this place has like 3 pools. It's off the strip but walking distance to alot of places.. I'm from the east coast and LOVE Rita's! Imagine my sheer delight when I stumbled upon this location!

I walked in and the place is clean, colorful, and made me nostalgic for my youth! You can't help but smile. Was greeted warmly by friendly smiling faces :)

I chatted with the owner for a bit and turns out she is from the same area as my family back east! Small world!

They let me pretty much sample everything since I haven't been to a Rita's in a long time. It was awesome. Lots has changed or maybe the west coast chains are different. The cantaloupe has fresh bits of cantaloupe in it. The sugar free mango peach was so good. I was hesitant to try the creme flavors - cheesecake and oatmeal raisin - I didn't like the cheesecake so much, tasted too artificial, but the oatmeal raisin was (surprisingly) delicious!

I was disappointed they didn't have my favorite flavor - Swedish Fish - but they said they rotate flavors and will probably have it in soon.

I'm so happy there is a Rita's so close! What a wonderful surprise today!. The most AMAZING ice cream in the whole world!! - Award winning in fact, I'm surprised there is only one other review because I feel as though I'll be raving about this for a while.

The food here was great, all 5 of us enjoyed different meat and vegetarian meals and all agreed that we would go back here again in future for a good Italian. 

The staff are genuine Italians and very friendly. Decor is a bit tired but that was irrelevant once we tucked into the Bruschetta starter and it only got better from there on in.

I'm almost considering going again tomorrow just for Ice cream, seriously.. Fast, tasty, and inexpensive.  I get the beef satay and Thai iced tea. This is the ONLY place I know of that gives free refills on Thai iced tea!  They come around with pitchers of it like it's water.. Today was the first time I went to the original breakfast house and I'll admit I was impressed. At first I thought it would be another failure like all the other businesses that have tried to make it before but I am proved wrong. The atmosphere is amazing compared to what it was years ago. I didn't get to speak to the owner but the server told me all about how it opened and what his goals were for the place. The food is amazing but be prepared to wait for your food because they do get extremely busy for breakfast. I had the chicken fried steak on special and my son had the rib eye steak which both looked amazing and the orange juice is actually squeezed right there! The service was amazing I was greeted by the hostess Natalie and she had such high energy it just made me smile since I dont see that very much these days and my server Desiree was great. Her area was full and she still took care of us and placed a to go order for me and a shake for my son. All together the restaurant is bright and clean the food is great and the staff is amazing. I will definitely come back here. Glad we found a quality crepe/dessert place that close by!

We met the owner and he and his wife are sweet as can be! They have a variety of items to choose from. You can have chocolate covered cheesecake, bananas, (anything it seems like!) smoothies (although I need to find out if they do green smoothies :) and of course crepes. Sweet or savory are your choices and it's a "build your own" system. 

We've been here a couple times and we've only had sweet crepes. Both times- banana, vanilla ice cream with whipped cream and caramel sauce. Yum-O.. Robert is an amazingly peaceful zen master massage, cupping cranial, reiki therapist. I sought someone, anyone out who could help me with my chronic fatigue and lethargy last spring. After much research and the glowing reviews on his website, I made an appointment which turned into 5-6 consecutive appointments. I needed enough energy to go on a 5 day trip with 30 10 year olds last spring. I kind of made up my own special therapy with Robert. He is a massage cupping champion! I combined deep cupping massage with Rose or Spearmint Oil, followed by cranial and reiki alignment. My 1st session my back was literally violet black..stagnant blood, definitely a little sore..but in such a good way. After so long, I started feeling SOOOO much better. He gave me the gift of his peaceful energizing spirit. For that I am forever grateful. After 6 sessions, my back barely drew up any color, I felt peaceful and much more clear. He put the zen in me..so much so that I literally enjoyed every minute of my trip with 30 screamin meamies and came home with energy to spare. I just started thinking about Robert and thought, why haven't I yelped him. Robert is truly gifted. It's like he has magic hands that float delicately above your body at times, then you feel something move inside and you know it's going to be better. If you have never had cupping before, or if you have Robert is the Master Fire Ball Wizard!! 
Ask for the Treacy Special...you can thank me later!. I have been taking my son here for a while now. He is a teen and seems to like it better than normal salons. We always get in and out quick.. Absolutely one the best gyros I ever had. It was moist and tender though meat was a bit bland until you put on the creamy tzatziki sauce. The pita was fresh and delicious as well. I got mines in a combo with seasoned fries. The fries were crisped to perfection and well season with some Greek crack as I will call it. Would recommend to anyone craving a gyro or good inexpensive Mediterranean food.. Best yellow curry ever!!!! Location it's not the prettiest but place is authentic. Chef was super nice and staff very courteous. In my party just someone complained the soup wasn't good.. AMAZING customer service, great product! HIGHLY recommend this company.. Amazing service and the food was awesome too! More places should have service like this!. I have been a patient of Dr. Johnsons for over 10 years.  I find his care professional and his staff considerate and extremely helpful.  When it is time for my cataract surgery I will trust him completely.  I recommend him to my friends and family.
Deborah. Gouda Mac and Cheese with chili. Delicious but ruined my diet for the day!! It's always nice to chat with the regulars as well.. Food was great ! Always good !! I will be back !!. This bar is amazing. I've never felt more of the Pittsburgh spirit than when I'm sitting at the bar during a game. The bartenders are always friendly, helpful & in good spirits.  I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual & generally quiet neighborhood dive bar.  Smoking is permitted in the bar, they also have comedy nights on Fridays! Drinks are reasonably cheap & always delicious! They have a decent spectrum of craft beer options (bottled) as well as take-out if you're on-the-go.. My friend and I went here for my birthday. I don't remember much because I'm just remembering that I didn't leave a review lol. I can say that this place is over priced but the food is good. I believe we went to Pure immediately after. I had the BBQ chicken pizza which was sooo good. I love red onions with BBQ chicken. My friend had a pasta dish with mac & cheese balls. Heard no complaints from her but I believe we ordered something else but ended up not receiving it because the server gave us a red velvet cupcake on the house. Which was cool since it was my birthday and my friend just had her birthday a few days before me. I really wanted to try the drinks and couture pops but didn't  get a chance to. 

There's always next time but I don't like how romantic the vibe is. What do I look like going to Vegas with a male? Some vacation spots (to me) are places that you take your significant other... and then there are hot spots. When you are young, Vegas is a hot spot. So the fact that it was dim as hell annoyed me since I was dining with my female friend. The last thing that we wanted was a romantic dinner lol.. Seriously so good! I have not had a Pho that was this good EVER! It was perfectly spiced and not to salty. My boyfriend had the sandwich and could not stop talking about how much he loved it. We will definitely be coming back all the time!. Staff was attentive and the store had both great presentation and products.  We were also pleased to find that this place has a little cafe and tablet station on the first floor.

This is a great store for gifts and general shopping, and definitely deserves the stars for customer service and clothing.. Today we celebrated my mother's baby shower at The Urban Tap's brunch. I couldn't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant. It started with two wonderful hostess' who knew my reservation and already had it planned out. Then the waitress we had (I wish I saved my receipt to know her name) she was sweet, accommodating and probably the best server I have had in a very long time! She cared about our experience and the event we were celebrating. The food and drinks were wonderful, not only were the plates presented perfectly, they were delicious. The prices were affordable especially for the larger party we had. All around such a unexpected wonderful experience and we will be back!. Have been happily shopping at Airpark for 10 years.  Pricing is excellent (in fact, the fairest anywhere in the Valley), with a good selection of quality merchandise most of the time (you'll need to stop in often as things tend to sell quickly!).  Pleasant & responsive staff (ready to help with measurements or answer questions). Owner Shelley is the best...she knows what she's doing and understands that customer satisfaction is key...unlike many other consignment stores in Scottsdale.  2 posters referred to AC as "little"....it seems larger than Sisters Attic and Lost & Found...so I don't get those comments.  AC is the place I shop first for my design cravings!. I would totally stay here again!! I contacted guest services by email and told them what we were celebrating and we got a free upgrade to a spa room! Let me tell u it was amazing!!! Next time we go we will pay the extra to be in the spa room! Everyone was so nice and helped anyway they can and the cool thing is they give free craps lessons everyday so we learned how to play! Only complaint was housekeeping walks into your room even with the privacy sign on door! But other than great it was a great stay!. I booked the W fairly last minute, based on locations and reviews. I was a little concerned as the W in SF is a little tatty and gets mixed reviews. I needn't have worried - the W in Montreal was outstanding. 

I think my husband and I managed to use every service available except the spa during our quick 2 night stay - room service, DVD rental, being chauffeured in the hotel's Acura, using the concierge to make last-minute dinner reservations, etc. The staff couldn't be nicer, no matter what we asked for. Three examples:
- the mini bar fridge was warm when we arrived and the hubby didn't want a warm Molson Ex. The serviceman who came up to fix the fridge brought a cold Ex for the hubby, free of charge.
- the room service wine list wasn't particularly good, so the hubby went down to the W's restaurant Otto to see if he could get a bottle from their list instead. Initially they said no, but the manager relented after agreeing with hubby on the quality of the room service wine list. We paid the restaurant price for the wine, which was superb, rather than an inflated room service price.
- when we were checking out at the un-Godly hour of 4 am, we mentioned that we hadn't received our 3:30 am wake-up call, nor had a taxi been ordered as requested. The front desk comped us the second day of our stay for the inconvenience. Unbelievable!

I can't give the W Montreal 5 stars for one reason: the room we had faced the inner courtyard which isn't very appealing and was on the 3rd floor, right above the nightclub. The music from the club, while not super loud, could be heard into the wee hours. At check-in the front desk had mentioned that we had been upgraded to an outward-facing room but we couldn't wait until the official check-out time of 3 pm to get into our room. 

I would definitely stay at the W again the next time we're in Montreal - in a room higher up.. The customer service is outstanding! I am always asked at least 3 times if I need help, which I usually do! They have washed fruit and veggies right there for us to try in the store! I feel like I am shopping with friends! It has a local neighborhood store feel about it. Which is hard to find in Vegas!. We have used Wild Horse Pass for two staycations - the hotel and casino are close to home and affordable.  

We used the pool for the day on a Wednesday.  It was nice and quiet with no children, which is what we were really looking for.  The pool is simple and well designed - the bar at the back, piped in music, and hot temperatures.  The waitress was friendly and came to us a few times to make sure we were doing just fine.

We ate at Ling and Louies for dinner....delicious, and they use filet mignon in all of their beef dishes.  I crave that food!

The rooms are not huge, but they are comfortable and the cleaning staff is on top of making sure the rooms are delightfully clean.  I would return again and again!

Love the casino - don't love the smoking inside, but hey.  We can't have it all!  Dealers are super friendly and the bars are very accommodating!. Stayed in the Rush towers which are newer. Definitely worth the extra money because the rooms are modern looking and have a very nice bathroom. I love Fremont street. It feels so Vegas. 

The pool is not as nice as it looks in pictures. There were a lot of kids when I went so it felt like a water park.. This has got to be the best Thai food in the valley! I have yet to have a bad meal here (occasionally too spicy, but that's not really a complaint). The service is fast & friendly, the prices are very reasonable. Whenever I crave Thai, this is my default restaurant of choice!. Best meal we had in Vegas.  Great service, great view (wonderful windows looking out over the strip, and amazing food.  We had the steak Demonico, grilled asperagus, wedge salad and cobb salad....all delicious.. Great Italian good for Vegas! Had the chicken parmesan. Not an atmosphere for children. Great garlic bread they service before the meal.. I'M BACK!!!
New year New Beginnings!!!
I have always loved my nails when Tawana did them. We just had some issues that made me choose to leave. While being gone I could not find one that did the work as she did. I found someone that tried and was nice but, not the same. After getting a message from Tawana regards to my YELP review it got me thinking. She was very sincere and I choose to go back.
She is now in a new location which is BEAutiful!! Love the decore and Ms Bessie is still there on her donut pillow!!
My nails are wonderful and I am so happy to have come back and to stay from this day forward!!! Tawana  knows and loves her job and puts her whole heart into it and it shows. I before have never and even now have never had a nail break or lift and I get so many compliments.
Give her a shot you will be thankful you did and wont want to go anywhere else. She is very creative also. Her prices are very reasonable and she does guarantee the work 100%.

Thank you Tawana!!!. Sooooo good. The staff is quiet, the sandwiches are the best I've ever had. This is our new sandwich place, I wish they had spinach but it's still so good. Dutch crunch bread is mouth watering. The meat has some fat in it but not too much. I'm very picky with food. All in all its amazing.. Just got back from Vegas again (4 clubs in 3 days!), and this place is STILL my favorite club on the strip. 

Why Drai's is my fave:
- There is not a single bad spot in the house. You can see the DJ from anywhere in the entire club.
- The effects are BOMB. I've been to XS, Drai's, LiFE, Marquee, Light, Hakksan, Haze, and Tao, and Drai's still wins for best production effects- panoramic jumbotrons, cold air, confetti blasts, lasers, dancers, and lights in gluttonous abundance... they make the bass drops feel like the best day of your life!
- "The Hangover" view kills me. No club in Vegas has an outdoor view like this one. 
- Bathrooms when you're drunk? Oh, I can still find them from a 10-foot electric sign that says "RESTROOMS"
- Girl perk- EVERYONE can take the elevator like a normal human being, whether you're with a table or general admission! I despise Marquee because I remember climbing and descending six flights of stairs in heels in a back-alley looking stairwell more than I remember what the actual club looked like. 
- Bartenders? There's one with a little too much surgical work that still looks really angry at the world, but she'll still give you a drink. (Don't forget to tip)

****For mostly girl groups: Go through the promo manager Mike to get in for free (702.883.9549). This is my second time working with him, and I think I love Drai's extra because of the extra mile he takes to actually make me feel like I'm actually VIP at a club, even when I'm a nobody :P :P :P 

Lastly, check the calendar again to make sure you like the performance that night- they have open format days, EDM guests, hip hop guests, etc. As long as you love the  music for the night you chose, you will probably consider this your favorite clubbing experience in Vegas.. This review is for the Oyster Bar at Harrahs.

Small little bar with fresh oysters. Came here to try their specialty, oyster shooters! We got the trio to sample the tequila lime (their most popular), bloody mary, and an asian flavored one. The asian flavored one didn't impress me, but the tequila lime was delightfully refreshing. My friend who took the bloody mary shooter said hers was good, it sure did smell good! We also ordered the oysters on the half shell which were nice and fresh, not expensive either. It's a nice little break from all that drinking!. Amazing food! Beware: the spice ratings are authentic. The food is so delicious. Hooray.. I really do wish I could remember the names of the people that have helped us when going into Kirkland. They were amazing some of the best customer service I have ever experienced. You can tell that the employees are very happy here or it seems like. The lady that helped us explained how beneficial it was to get on their rewards program. Which in my Mom's case it is absolutely true she's in here at least three times a month if not more!

They always have really nice things for your home. At first I thought this store was not for me and I didn't know what I was missing.  They have something for everyone.  I had bought an accent table for my living room at Marshalls, and I found something better here for about the same price.  I really do wish I would of at least stopped here before purchasing it. 

Kirkland has a variety of items such as: Candles, tables, clocks, things for your man cave, table center pieces, a lot of things for your kitchen. I mean everything.  

And believe me they are ways willing to answer any of the questions that you may have about how something works or an item.. I love this casual, neighborhood restaurant that serves authentic Latin street food. Order at the counter, pick out a bottle of your favorite local brew (I recommend NoDa's Hop Drop N Roll), and make sure you check in for free chips with an entree. 
Everything here is quick and delicious! Even the chips are made in house, as is the plentiful, fresh salsa bar. They have daily specials, including $0.99 authentic tacos from 3-5, Monday through Friday.. Sketched me out at first until I realized what it was next to and why everyone in line was dancing, but MOST AMAZING $1 TACOS I HAVE EVER TASTED. Especially the carne asada. Go. The owners deserve your money!!. The first time I went to Sushi Kaya, was about 3 years ago...and i was less than impressed.  Their rolls were small and it felt like a Korean restaurant vs. a Japanese Sushi House.  My friend was so crazy about this place, and begged me to give it another shot, but I refused.  I hadn't been back until last night.  

I was definitely wrong about the place, or they have made some huge changes and improved greatly.  Their AYCE is affordable, and they have a lot of things on the menu that I don't think other AYCE places offer.  

We had AYCE and devoured several items: 
Brooklyn Bridge (I'm not a fan of eel, but loved this anyway!) 
Shrek Roll (my favorite of the rolls that I was able to sample) 
Soft Shell Crab roll with Soy Paper (Good, but wasn't blown away) 
California Roll (Can't go wrong!) 
3 orders of Sake Nigiri + avocado (yum, fresh and delicious) 
3 orders of Hamachi Nigiri + avocado (same as above) 
Poki (Good, I've had better elsewhere, but it wasn't bad)
Ginger Salad (delicious and refreshing) 
Mini Cheesecake dessert (I loved it!) 

Probably the only thing that I can actually complain about, is that their iced tea wasn't that great.  

I will be back, I'm a fan now!. Wanna impress your coworkers on Friday mornings? Screw Dunkin' Donuts!!! 
I used to live in Glendale for a while and because a lot of downtown Glendale is made up of lots of Chicano/Mexican families pan dulce (sweet bread) from this place is all everyone ever has at parties, birthdays, Saturday morning breakfast, etc. I am certain they are family owned and have been in Glendale for many, many years. Usually they have 3 women running the front counter so do not be alarmed by the line. They try to get people in and out as soon as possible. They are very helpful if you do not know the names, most are in Spanish and they will assist you with names if you ask. 
My favorite is the chilindrina (chee-lean-dree-na) it's round with yellow and chunks of sugar on top. You can't go wrong with the conchas (the bread that looks like shells, in a variety of color) or the cochinitos (the little gingerbread pigs). Ranch Market, Food City, whomever the hell, has NOTHING on this place!!!! The one thing you will notice is how soft this bread is and how it melts like butter when you bite into it. Lots of other Mexican markets offer tasteless, on the verge of being stale, hard bread (as much as I love you, yes, this means you Ranch Market). Nobody likes a bread where all the yummy little sugar pieces fall to the floor when you bite into it:( Also, the next day lots of breads are even tougher. Not this bread, it stays soft for a days, if it even makes it to a few days. 
The red chili burritos are little, but orgasmic. Perhaps a few breads, a burrito and if you can somehow get your hands on a bottled Mexican Coke, it's time to get down to business, so unzip your pants and do it where people can't watch you, oh yeah... 
Also,I don't believe they tell you, but if you get your bread in a box they will charge for the box. They stay well in the little free bag especially if your order is small. That way you can get an extra bread for the little homeless lady that sits on a bucket outside. Oh, and they are CASH ONLY.. Love this groomer. Very good at getting my pet cut exactly the way my room mate and I like her. She is adorable after they put bows in her hair. My doggie loves her groomer and looks forward to going there for her monthly bath and haircut.. Toni's work and work ethic is absolutely amazing.  A professional painter and contractor who does everything from rental properties to custom homes.  As a Realtor, she has done numerous jobs for me here in the valley and also my home in North Scottsdale.  Recommend and refer her and her company anytime to any client or customer.. Great yogurt! Very smooth. Cheep prices. Odd control of the sample cups though. Friendly staff.. When we got there the cashier Crystal... ( I believe that her name) allowed my boys yo individually punch in their order. She was so nice to them. I love the communication of the staff here. It brings up the vibes of the restaurant. Their soda machine has an abundant awesome  selection. free peanuts!! The bathrooms were impeccably clean. There barely any people in the place but they still sweeping this place clean! I love it!! This is THE BEST BURGER JOINT!!. The back patio is lovely in the Fall/Winter...my favorite is the mole!. Service was awesome , although I got the steak salAd and really didn't enjoy it . Perhaps I didn't read the menu clearly . The rest of my family got steaks and said they were to die for !! Along with the house salads and burger . Bit pricey but nice atmosphere. We attended this month's third Friday N+U event (free) at the Heard and it was a blast! This month, it was Capoeira and African drumming/dancing with an open bar and margaritas/street tacos in the cafe. The event was entertaining, full of energy and my 3 year old and I danced for almost an hour. My margaritas certainly didn't hurt! I had a great time and I am really looking forward to September's event, jewelry and drinks!. This place is a higher end arts and crafts shop geared not only towards families, but adults. With a studio fee of $12, the price of creating here can add up rather quickly, but the options for creativity are very exciting. Make Meaning offers patrons the chance to design jewelry, paint pottery, decorate a cake, make candles, and design soaps! 

My experience here gave me the opportunity to make a short square candle ($20). I picked out my hot pink and black wax and headed back to my seat to layout my design pattern that I later arranged in a metal square tin. I had the option to add "POPs", that are offered for all the activities at Make Meaning, which are add-on's to spruce up your design that range from $1-$5 per POP. Once I was done arranging the tiny square wax pellets, I took my candle to the Skinny Dip River, where I had the option to choose complimentary free scents. I opted for the pink bubblegum scent since mine was hot hot pink, but they had everything from a dirt scent to a freshly washed man scent (smelled like Axe body spray). Sheryl the associate creativity enthusiast (or ACE) was awesome and as her titled acurately described, enthusiastic which couldn't help but be rubbed off on anyone that went to the River. She poured in the hot wax that was going to turn my creation into one solid candle and then let me guide the candle into the cooling river where it would be for the next 30-45 minutes until it was finished.

During the candle cooling period I got to browse the rest of the store. Prices for the cake decorating range from $28 for a four inch cake and $38 for a six inch cake plus any POPs, aka additional add-ons, like edible glitter, are $1-$5 per POP. Soaps go for $30+, but for those young buckaroos, they have super cute cupcake soaps starting at seven bucks. The ceramics section is small and honestly if you (and everyone else in your group) are coming here to paint pottery, you should go to As You Wish because the studio fee is cheaper and there are many more options of ceramics and paints to choose from. The jewelry making section offers bracelets for $14 ($24 for two/friendship bracelets) and necklaces for $24 plus. The beads I saw looked a little juvenile and did not leave me wanting to come back and make jewelry.

If you are having a child's birthday party here, they have a glitter tattoo station that costs $5 for a small 50 cent piece size tattoo that supposedly last for a week and they also have hair feathers for $6. One can also puchase individual packaged candy here as well. My candle turned out better than expected and I enjoyed my time and experience at Make Meaning and would love to come back and check out a different activity!. This salon is wonderful. They use top quality products that show in the results! My last gel manicure lasted well over two weeks. The salon is very clean and the atmosphere is comfortable and fun. All of the technicians are friendly and welcoming. Nhi, Tiffany, and Denny helped my mother and I. They were all excellent in service and technique. They took their time, paid close attention to detail and still got us out in time for our dinner reservation. I live in Cave Creek, but will continue to make the drive for the great experience of this salon!. Happy Holly Days!  The new kid in town is doing okay :)

Like everyone else it seems, we picked up a Groupon for breakfast here. It is a teenie tiny little place - the kind of place where I think they will know many of their customers by name. 

The menu is not extensive (that is my only reason for 4 stars - I want more choices!!).  But what is there is solid and good. Hubs and I came alone one more and had breakfast platters, then brought our monthly breakfast group a few weeks later.  

The breakfast platter is a solid 2 egg meal made special because it is her homemade bread that is toasted. That makes it a worthwhile trip by itself.  There is something about a thick slab of cracked wheat bread toasted to perfection - crunchy outside but nice chewy center- that makes my heart sing.  And the fact that she can make a sunny side up egg without screwing it up.  And she actually knows what I want when I say bacon crispy.  I have yet to figure out why any restaurant has trouble with those two requests but, alas, they do. Holly doesn't. I honestly think that she loves what she does. And she cares about what she serves. 

Some of our friends had the burrito.  Good sized.  Packed solidly with breakfast food.  A hearty choice at a good price.  

Now that cinnamon roll is another whole experience in and of itself.  Doughy and a nicely sweet dough with the right amount of sugar and cinnamon. A big enough to share among two.  Be careful when asking for extra icing.  It is like crack cocaine for your thighs......and she will gladly add it on. As much as you want. 

With it being summer and the fact that she is the start to our errand packed days, we haven't taken baked goods home yet.  But we did manage to take home an eclair for DS one trip.  He is an eclair aficionado. And declared it the real thing. Flaky buttery dough and a creamy filling.  And fresh. Not remade and thawed like many places today. Come autumn, we will be back to try some of those marvelous cakes in the case. And resign ourselves to tarting to walk off the damage. 

Ii guess if I had to describe Holly's in one word, it would be dependable.  I know that doesn't sound exciting but I use it in a good way. You will come and know you will get freshly prepared food  that is a reasonable portion Served in a clean environment at a great price and served with a smile. What more can you ask for?

We will be back. And we wish a Holly well. And keep those baked goods coming.. Everything here was delicious. At first walking in, it was a bit confusing until we realized that it was a walk up counter ordering system but the food and the coffee was amazing. The staff was incredibly friendly as well. Can't wait to go back. I miss this place.  Nevermind the bare bones decor, and odd hours, but their food was delicious.  Great food, low prices, and good sized portions.  I was in the area the other day and decided to stop by.  And though the decals and signs were still on the window, it was closed - their website confirmed it.  Not to be melodramatic (yes, I'm gonna be melodramatic) but this place held a special place in my (stomach's) heart, please open up again soon.  I need those eggrolls.. Loved it here.  The only bad part of our dining experience was being mad at ourselves for taking so long to come here.  The hostess was very pleasant, our waitress came to our table immediately and took our drink order, then brought my kids pizza dough to play with!  They had a blast and not one time did we hear "when will our pizza be here"  what a wonderful way to keep the kiddos occupied.  We had the Mediterranean salad and a large pepperoni pizza.  It was soooo good.  The sauce had a great flavor and just the right amount of cheese and pepperoni.  It can be pricey once you start adding toppings and extras but its a great time and worth it.  We will definitely be back!!!. By far my favorite bakery in Vegas. I get an almond croissant everyday that I'm here to make up for the times I think of it back home. Great selection available. Even though there's usually a line up, it is definitely worth the wait!. We come from Philadelphia for Thanksgiving every year.  We always make a stop at this restaurant for some healthy and delicious food!  It is a little pricey but worth the price for the delicious breakfast!. Favorite place for hh. Never had a bad roll, drinks are great and reasonably priced. They do get pretty slammed so be sure to go early. Great crowd too and good stop on your way ou in old town. Never been there but for hh, prices seem a little high. Wow wow wow.. must be on everyone too do list..cant even explain how great this place.. the staff the places to eat.. plenty of restrooms... lots of space to see the animals..cant wait to come back again. Found this place while on vacation in San Francisco.  By accident I recently found that there is a RMCF here in Vegas (located in the Fremont Hotel/Casino).  How lucky are we!?!?

So here is my utmost respect to the Caramel Apple.  How many people skip the caramel apples just for the fact that they are "awkward" to eat and they might break their teeth trying?  Total misconception and you're so missing out.  It took me all these years to figure it out!  Dang!  You do have options to either devour your apples by slobbery bites into the whole apple holding it by the stick-hoping it doesn't fly OR (ssshhh here's the secret) you can have them slice the apples right there for you!!!!  I know!  Crazy right???  This way you have bite size pieces to savor for yourself OR you can share with someone special OR you can even save some for later!  The possibilities are endless!

The Apple Pie Caramel Apple is simply the most fantastic thing I have ever had.  I told my BF that I expect one of these for my birthday, Valentines Day AND Christmas - AND any other special occasion that needs a little "love you".  I could literally eat one a day.....just like they say....an apple a day.... LOL  However spending $6.95 everyday is just not realistic.  HOWEVER if you buy three you get one FREE!  Best Deal Ever!  

Yes the apples are pricey.  I think that the fancier they are the more expensive they get.  They can range anywhere from $5-$10 each. The standard caramel apple is $4.95.  They have them covered with candy, nuts, chocolate, toffee, etc....the list goes on and on.  Its just ridiculous.

On a "side note" (and some would beg to differ) they also have all types of chocolates, truffles,  chocolate covered bananas and strawberries just to name a few.

They are opened till 2am on the weekends which made it convenient to stop for a couple before heading home.

I never knew what the hype was but thank goodness my head is out of the clouds!  Its just too good to keep to myself any longer....so my little secret is out.  Yes its an "occasional indulgence" and a fabulous one at that!  Great to give as a gift.  Great for a simple treat.  Just great....really super duper crazy great. Sigh.. Did not get to eat in as they were packed when lunch was catered at work their pita bread was nice and warm-delishus!. I liked it. It is a guy's breakfast place but my picky wife liked it too. We were only in town for 5 days but we ate there twice. Service was great. It was so AMAZING and COOL that I can't even actually describe it! My jaw dropped watching this show. It's definitely a must see when you're in Vegas!. So I do need to specify my bias, here. My sister is an owner of Nourish, so I have to support her. But the words I write are not lies, they are the bona fide truth of my deep love for the food and never ending envy for Charlotte locals to get to have Nourish weekly in their lives.

I am not a vegan, or a vegetarian, but if I could have Nourish every day I would be. The food the company makes is as good, if not always better, than the food I eat daily here in Atlanta. Atlanta, a foodie city, produces great food. But I'd quit going out if it was feasible for Nourish to coldpack their meals and ship it down to me.

A part of Nourish's MO, though, is how awesome fresh their food is. Their kitchen is spotless and full of people who love making food. The ingredients are wholesome, and eating the food regularly just makes you feel GOOD. Just nothing weighing you down. 

I know getting Nourish is super convenient, as well! I've picked up bowls at the Atherton Mill Market before and its ready for immediate noshing. Yess. Go get it!. The minute I pulled in I was greeted by a friendly team that helped me get the bet deal to replace all 4 tires on my truck. I've owned my truck for 7 years now and this is the first time I've needed to do anything to my tires and I'm so grateful for the service and decent price I got to replace them all. Thank you!. Jessica is great. She is really personable and whenever I go to get a brazilian there, she always has some story to help distract  and entertain. She also remembers small details- which is always a good thing, considering the nature of the Brazilian. 

One thing that does kinda suck about goin to her is that the building she is in is difficult to find the first time you go.. This was my first time here, and it was good. I had an AK-47 "pinner" which is the medium size, roast beef, mushroom, and red onion sandwich with Au jus dip, and it was pretty tasty. The atmosphere is laid back, cool pieces of art to look at, and polite (and dare I say handsome) employees.. What makes a fabulous all-day breakfast joint even better? When they move to a larger space that's lighter and brighter and even has a small outdoor patio, that's what! You can't miss with anything on the menu at Pamela's. A must is the Lyonnaise potatoes with any meal . . . so scrumptious! 

I love the fact that they give you a nice-sized carafe of coffee so you don't have to wait for refills, and it's pretty good coffee to boot!

If I lived in the Burgh, there is no doubt this would be on my regular rotation for weekend breakfast . . . maybe even a couple of days during the week, too!. FINALLY I got to try Sweets Raku. I loved loved loved Raku so I had no doubt in my mind that I would love Sweets Raku too. We had to wait about 15 minutes on a Saturday night for our group of 6 which was split up, but later on we were all together again after a couple had left. My husband and I both got the prix fixe menu and it didn't disappoint! We got to sit at the bar and see all the action which was pretty neat. I decided on the Mt. Fuji, because I saw the "noodles" and I knew that is what I wanted. Turns out it was not noodles but awesome deliciousness. My husband ordered the Apollo and I just remember it being very chocolately. I did order a peach tea....but I should know that I am not a big fan of black tea. I loved the smell, but I needed honey or something which isn't the correct way to drink the tea anyways. 

Service was awesome. I could probably sit there all day and watch these ladies work their magic. It was a bit hot in there, but with the steamer and oven constantly working that is expected. My friend in our group just ordered the apple pie. I think that is what I will order next time I come back! I loved everything and the details of it is exactly what Raku is all about. 

P.S. Parking sucks here. =). I have known Dr. Ali Mosharrafa since 2002 when he did my reconstructive surgery following breast cancer.  I subsequently had a couple of cosmetic procedures done by Dr. Ali as well as Michelle Cesena, one of their licensed paramedical aestheticians.  Dr. Ali and all of the staff have often felt as much like family as medical providers.  I would highly recommend all of them to anyone looking for cosmetic or reconstructive surgery or procedures.
Stephanie Anastasia. Alchemy is easily my husband and my go-to place to eat when we can't decide. They have an excellent rotating tap selection and the food is local, delicious and cheap! Whenever possible, try the specials, especially the Batch bread plate of the day! My only complaint is that when they do Friday Fish Fry, they don't offer their amazing sweet potato fries. Also lots of great vegetarian options, which makes me very happy. I recommend the Matilda sandwich, the Maize salad, and my husband recommends the Tin Shack Smokehouse burger. The service is generally good, but sometimes leaves something to be desired. Also expect a wait if you go out after 6pm on weekends and many weekdays.. THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! I got the lox sandwich on an Everything bagel and was instantly hooked. Sandwiched between the Everything bagel were a nice slice of brined salmon, healthy slab of cream cheese, and a bit of onions, tomatoes, and cucumbers. It was perfection, made me crave for it every single day afterward. I finally gave in to craving and got it again two weeks later. Still perfect! 

Of course, the bagels and cream cheese themselves are great. Bagels are well made - tasty, fresh, and has just the right amount of chewiness. My favorite is the XL Chocolate Chip and Everything bagels. I really like the tomato basil too but it might be an acquired taste for some.

I should add that everything is dirt cheap here - regular bagels are 45 cents/pc and around $5.40 for a baker's dozen. Carb overloading without breaking your bank account!

Forever Bagel has forever changed my view of bagels and minimum standard for bagel sandwiches. Keep doing what you're doing!. The classiest and most comfortable hotel in Las Vegas. Best service, great rooms, and the bathtub is to die for :)
Stayed here 2 nights, and at the Aria for the next 2 nights.. the difference was night and day. I heart emoticon MOLasVegas!. M and M Glass Co is awesome!! I called Rick on Friday evening to fix my broken bedroom window. He arrived at my home by 2:00  pm Saturday and had my window glass replaced quickly - within 20 minutes. Charged me exactly what he quoted . Rick is reliable and deserves your business - I will be using him for any future window repairs as well as recommending him to my friends .. The facility is safe, clean and secure.  But the people are incredible.  Storage facilities are quite often not what I would typically describe as providing caring, professional, considerate and individualized service.  But Desert Storage is because of the manager Brian and his staff, all of whom have gone above and beyond in some way or another for me.  Not everyone has the need for all those traits but it sure is nice to know the people to whom you are giving your business value it and will treat you with respect and courtesy!!!. Paletas! This place it makes me happy.
And as Paletas goes, this place is really authentic. I remember getting paletas like this from the ice cream guy in the park when I was in Central America.

Go here, and do not be afraid to try even some of their more adventurous flavors.. Super G Mart is a great place to go and find different things, stuff you have never heard of.  My daughter fell in love with something called pocky, it's chocolate sticks they are amazing.  However the smell meets you at the door, so be prepared other than that it's awesome.. The bagels are always fresh and tasty here.  I LOVE Einstein's coffee, and the bottomless cup that you serve yourself.  My favorite thing about Einstein's is the selection of coffees.  They always have a seasonal roast available (right now it's Autoumn Roast, and it's de-lish!)  Thania and her store's staff are always very friendly.  I love sitting on the tall chairs in front of the window reading or doing my homework.

The only down sides to this store is that it's a bit small, and even if there was wi-fi, there's not an outlet to be found other than the one right by the east door (and they probably wouldn't really dig me plugging in and creating a tripping/lawsuit hazard).  Other than that, a great place to chill and get some great coffee.. LOVE THIS PLACE! Lori and Gary are the best. They are always so loving and welcoming to my pups, Jackson and Leo. Lori does the most incredible job on both of them. I don't know how she gets my little guys to sit still, but when I come to pick them up they smell amazing and look adorable! 10 out of 10 for Lori's Gromming!. I frequented this place a couple times during my stay for one thing... The liquor balls! They are $3 and have a half shot of liquor in them in. They come in a variety of flavors but I recommend  the butterscotch.. Finally a good pho restaurant next to where I live! Even though they don't have the best variety, they're pho taste pretty good. I'm just upset that they didn't have the bun bo hue because that is like a staple of mine. So, I ended up getting the Pho da biet and fried egg rolls. The Egg rolls aren't the egg rolls sold at other Pho restaurants in Chinatown. It's definitely smaller but quite tasty and crunchier. The Pho da biet had a lot of noodles and a full bowl of soup. The soup had a very strong tripe taste but it's not much of a bad thing. I'll probably go there again if I don't feel like going down to Chinatown but overall this pho place isn't bad. I just wish this place had a greater variety of Vietnamese noodles. Other than that, I recommend this place to those who want to try a new Pho restaurant!. Very friendly and have good boba tea drinks. Small shop looking to expand into carrying different things, such as food. Support local. Vapor friendly.. Came here for lunch on a recent Friday and the place was hopping.  Love the atmosphere.  We got there early, good thing too.  The goofy system of having to order and pay at the bar is a pain in the butt and confusing.  But I loved my beer battered walleye.  And the staff is exceptionally friendly.  Will be back.. BY FAR the best breakfast place I have ever been to. I love when restaurants are consistent. Every time I come in, I am greeted by the friendliest staff around. No matter how busy they are they always say hi with a smile. It can get busy but the wait is never too long. The food tastes perfect every time. Very fast service as well. 

I ALWAYS order the Light one, it is wonderful. It is an omelet with crepe over it. I sub the toast for little pancakes (no charge) I have tried other things on the menu and they are so good as well. 

They are great at splitting checks! I cannot say enough great things about good egg. I ALWAYS crave it. A timeless classic.  This is my favorite special occasion restaurant.  We have been here several times over the past few years.  Their food is sheer perfection.  The service is flawless.

I love this place so much.. That's good coffee.

Had some blueberry pancakes and eggs. Best pancakes ever!. Absolutely loved this place!  Food, service, wine, atmosphere.  We had a great time.  My only reason for 4 vs 5 stars is the wine list.  We ordered a bottle of Sangiovese and got Chianti.  Yes, I know Chianti is made with sangiovese grapes, but it also has other grapes. I wanted a bottle of Sangiovese, not Chianti. Nonetheless, it was good.  The 2nd bottle was on the wine menu as a Merlot-Cabernet Franc. I assumed it would be roughly 50/50 blend and it sounded interesting. It came out and was 75% merlot, 15% carmenere, 5% cabernet sauv and 5% cabernet franc. It was good wine, but it was not what I wanted.  Not a big deal and just a minor thing, but if the restaurant is calling itself a wine bar, then it would have been nice to have a few more details and accuracies on the wine menu.. If you are looking for authentic Japanese in the Tempe/Ahwatukee area, DOZO is definitely the way to go. It is hidden in a lot where there's not much going on so it is pretty easy to miss but thank goodness for Yelp for helping me find this little gem! It is a tiny restaurant with few tables inside, sushi bar seating as well as generous outside patio seating but I have never seen this place very busy. (Keep in mind their hours, they do close during the day for lunch as some Japanese restaurants do). You are most likely to be seated right away by one of their very kind waitresses. They are really so lovely. They are timely and so attentive. This is what I love about small restaurants. And the rest is as good as it can get. I've always come with the craving for ramen and their special tonkatsu pork is the bomb diggity. I've tried the spicy miso as well but most definitely prefer the tonkatsu flavor over miso. If you are an adventurous eater, they have small plates of what I'm guessing are delicacies of Japan such as beef tongue and octopus (which isn't bad I must say). Last time I came in, I got the chicken katsudon and I killed the whole thing in one sitting. And that's saying a lot because 1, it was a huge portion. An entire cutlet of breaded chicken with lots of rice. OH man was I full and satisfied. The chicken was cooked and breaded to perfection with egg and caramelized onions with an amazing sweet soy based sauce that the rice was drenched in. I finished every last bit of it and I am a tiny girl. I rarely finish my food. The sushi is great as well. Definitely make a visit to this place if you are in the area. You won't regret it.. Always end my nights out here! Great games, cheap drinks, and fun people watching. If I could change ONE thing it would be the bathroom! Adding a sliver of a stall to make 2 whole toilets shouldn't have eliminated porta potties. We are speed drinking here! We need toilets!. Awesome chocolate!  A little expensive, but worth it for quality chocolate.  It was hard to pick something because it all looked so good.  If you love fine quality chocolate, it is worth stopping here.. Best hot pot in town their minced pork rice and popcorn chicken is delicious . Very affordable .. I prefer the Miracle Mile Shops over Forum Shops or City Center because, um, you can actually shop. This working girl isn't used to dropping dough at Louis Vuitton or Gucci on a weekend trip so the Miracle Mile gives you the indoor shopping experience-complete with cloud covered ceiling, but with stores that us regular people can actually shop at. Granted, if you had a lucky night at the casino there are shops to splurge too. It's worth a walk-through.. I checked into ilumina today (literally and on my Yelp app) and realized that this was my 20th check-in on Yelp.  I'd say that means I am way overdue to review this place, so here goes...

I am so thankful to have been introduced to ilumina by my friend Colleen... I'd never done acupuncture before but I knew I was in good hands the moment I met Dana Price.  She is amazing!  I've been seeing Dana pretty consistently for about six months now and I credit my being just over four months pregnant to Dana and the ilumina team.  Sure, my husband can take some of the credit too... but I am a believer in acupuncture and and all of the services that IHS offers.

I've always been afraid of needles, but the acupuncture with Dana is not painful at all... it is actually relaxing and I look forward to my appointments.  I've also seen Marion for several polarity sessions which I highly recommend, and Audrey for pre-natal massage which is pretty much like going to heaven for an hour!  Stephanie and Leigh who work the front desk are angels, and all of the aforementioned ilumina staff are professional and a pleasure to visit.

While I can only personally speak to infertility struggles, I know that the professionals at ilumina work with all kinds of health issues.  I cannot recommend IHS enough... thank you thank you thank you ilumina - see you again real soon!. Great food!!!!. Dillard's is by far my favorite department store.  This location is great to visit because it actually has a sizeable shoe department, great handbag selections, lots of socks and hosiery, lingerie, and of course, a massive women's apparel department.  This store tends to have more swimwear (after coats get moved) than the Fashion Show store.

I have found some excellent things at this store and do regularly get outstanding service from associates who recognize me.  Though this store does not have a designated suit section, there is a secret corner that has Tahari by ASL at 40-50% off at all times.  I have acquired Tahari suits and other wonderful items here.  Dillard's also has great sales (40% and 65%) and constantly has markdowns.  I like a lot of Dillard's-exclusive designers.  My favorites are Antonio Melani and Peter Nygard (who also has a petite line thank goodness).  Other exclusive designers include Michelle D (my bridesmaids wore her shoes, cute and affordable), Gianni Bini, and Alex Marie.

This store has one of the largest Fossil hangbag/wallet collections too.  I find some amazing bags here for super sale prices.  Dillard's also has the best collection of Onex shoes, better than Nordstrom often (but of course no one can compare to Zappos).  I have also found a Dillard's sensitive skin jewelry line.  The store even had Swarovski jewelry on sale, a very rare occurence, so I acquired earrings that exactly match a necklace I purchased from Swarovski 2 years ago!  This is definitely my go-to place for shopping essentials.  I have even found great deals when dressing my husband Eric R., including a large selection of Hugo Boss dress shirts, Calvin Klein sweaters and Daniel Cremieux polos.. My birthday was coming up and I happened to hear about the opening of this restaurant. I have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak and it is amazing, so I knew right away where I wanted to go. I brought along 11 of my friends to share the experience.  The service is pretty fantastic. They all learn your name and take the time to chat, they even put on fake British accents when they heard us doing it. My water glass was never empty and they even had the entire restaurant sing happy birthday to me. There are two menus, the grill menu which is a bit pricier and the pub menu which has yummy pub food. We ordered off of the pub menu. Since we were such a large party, we tried a lot of food!

Fish and Chips - The fish is so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious! OMG! I didn't care so much for the garlic on the chips. I love garlic, but they tasted like they had been rubbed with raw garlic, not my favorite. 

Shepherd's Pie - The mashed potatoes were so buttery delicious. Everything really worked well together, it was easy to see why this is a signature dish. 

Duck Poutine - The fries and the duck gravy were phenomenal. There were bits of duck that were a little overdone so didn't add much to the dish, maybe if they were cooked a little less it would have worked a little better.

Trio of Pretzels with cheese and mustard - Two of us ordered this appetizer and the bacon cheese pretzel was fantastic! The mustard was a bit too spicy for my liking and the cheese spread it a little weird, but not too bad. This dish is not worth ordering because they bring the exact same thing to the table for free, except the free one has a small loaf of pumpernickel bread and butter instead of mustard. I can't believe they charge for this and then bring almost the exact same thing to the table for free. 

Mac and Cheese - Almost everyone at the table ordered this and the response was 50/50. I was expecting a warm and rich mac and cheese, unfortunately, there was a really sharp cheese flavor which turned me off. 

Short rib and Cheek sandwich - My friend ordered this and passed it around the table. The meat was tender and delicious and there was a horseradish sauce that really added a kick.

Sticky Toffee Pudding - You really must try this! It is absolutely delicious! Everyone at the table stole a bite and enjoyed it.

Overall, there were a lot of hits and some misses. We did have one big thing that turned me off a little. My sister in law ordered a burger, they forgot the bacon and then the burger was almost raw. She sent it back and by the time they brought the new one everyone was finished eating. She asked them to just box it up since we were finished. I would have liked to see that taken off the check since she didn't even get to eat with everyone, unfortunately this didn't happen and I was not comfortable asking. 

There are some great dishes on the menu, the restaurant has a really cool vibe, and the service was pretty good. This is definitely a cool hangout for some yummy upscale pub food, but Gordon Ramsay Steak is where it's really at!. Dinner and service was amazing !  Finally an awesome place to ride to and get a bite to eat... thanks yall for making date night a hit!!!. I really enjoyed my stay here.  They are so close (across the street) to the convention center.  They offer a wide array of amenities and also will store your luggage after check out for free.  This was great since my conference ended later in the day and late check out was not available.
I appreciated all of the dining options and the store downstairs.  I didn't have a car when I was visiting and this made it really convenient for me the days I wasn't able to grab something at a nearby restaurant or drug store.. Very friendly staff.  Busy but lines moves quickly.  My latte made perfectly!  Would totally recommend when looking for your coffee fix!. Happened to be driving by this place as it is close to our house. Stopped in for breakfast and was blown away! The customer service was very attentive, but the food is incredible. I had a half size breakfast plate and there was plenty! It was a fairly normal order eggs, sausage, hashbrowns, and toast but it was prepared exactly how I like it. My boyfriend had the special, breakfast chimis w rice and beans the first time and ouevos ranchero the next and he LOVED both! Huge portions, he didn't finish it and the flavor was amazing. They make their own salsa too and it's delicious. Atmosphere is a small family diner type, definitely comfortable and they take pride in their establishment. I recommend this restaurant for breakfast over any other in Scottsdale purely for the outstanding quality to price ratio.. Came here with my bride-to-be girlfriend along with the entire bachelorette party and we had a blast! Well, at least my girlfriends did. I thought it was pretty entertaining and man oh man, yeah, those gentleman sure gave all the ladies some super excitement when they're up on stage. 

It's a small theater and as I was looking around, the crowd were all ladies except one gentleman probably got dragged by their girlfriend to come and watch it. He was really just whatever about it, I don't think he enjoys checking out the chippendales and their body as much as his girlfriend or wife did. I guess guys can also go to learn a few moves. 

The guys were all very entertaining, and there were a lot of interaction with the crowd. Don't want to spoil anything for future go-ers if you ladies are reading it. But it's definitely something fun to do if you're here with your girlfriends. However! I do think my boyfriend has a better butt than all of them!! Their butts are only "alright." haha. Oh! They love ripping off their tank tops and throw it at the crowd too! 

You can purchase drinks/cocktails while enjoying the show. After the show, you can take pictures with them for 20 bucks per person. Keep in mind, you cannot take photos during the show, BUT! Towards the end of the show, they do give you a few minutes to take quick pics and snap shots of them. Better get your cameras ready!!

After the show, I know that the Chippendales will be out interacting with the audience at the bar, so check them out!

If you have a significant other, buy them a souvenir at the gift shop! Like the Chippendales underwear- the quality is pretty darn good. haha.

Check-in on Yelp to receive a gift at the gift shop!. Need a stylists come see my bestie Maurees, or book him online at www.wondroushair.com 
Book today and come and see this amazing stylist.. I LOVE MY DENTIST Dr. Raoufi!!!! I came to this dentist after being referred by my parents. I had not been to the dentist in 10 years do to being so afraid. I literally cried through the entire consult. Dr. Raoufi and all the girls at the office made me feel so comfortable and helped me deal with the stress of the amount of work needing to be done. Dr. Raoufi was understanding about needing to space out my appointments to accommodate my finances and my schedule. After a year of dental work I am finally close to the finish line and I have ZERO anxiety about going to the dentist. I love the ladies at the front desk, they are the sweetest!!!. Dilly's Deli is right down the street from my house so I come here often on my break from work. It is a great place to get a good quality sandwich on fresh baked bread. The prices are not outrageous if you take advantage of the half sandwich with side deal for $4.79 with a drink it comes out to about $7.00. That is not bad considering the great quality of bread and deli meat that they serve. I usually order the buffalo chicken sandwich on wheat which is delicious. I had to take one star off because I used to love, love, love the chipolte cole slaw but they are no longer making it the same way. This was one of my main reasons for coming here because I loved the flavor of this cole slaw so much. They used to make it a little spicier with blended chipolte peppers but the last few times I have been here it has been bland and peppery with no chipolte. They should just call it cole slaw now. So overall I still think the quality of sandwiches is great and a pretty good price. I am a little disappointed about them changing the recipe of one of my favorite foods but I will still be coming back for the great sandwiches.