Great food nice service.  The girl that worked up front introduced herself to the other patrons that were there and asked them how the food was but not to me.  The guy did ask me though.. Edinburgh Waverley is a good train station. 

Like so many other Yelpers, I have also fell victim to the funky layout of Waverley when it comes to getting around and getting in and out (depending which way you go). I like to think that this station has a good but small waiting area and a decent selection of places to eat and drink (even more if you go up the escalator to Princes Mall). There are also kiosks and automatic machines to get tickets from, along with several cash machines if you need money. 

The platforms appear to confuse people as I have overheard confused travellers more than once say "Wait, you mean it isn't this way?". So I know it can be a bit quirky for those who are unfamiliar with the layout. Despite this, getting in and out of Waverley is a breeze in my view and getting to your train isn't a complete nightmare. The location of the station is perfect as well, in between New and Old Town, right next to Princes Street.

The taxi area that I see is just outside on the south entry to the left. This is where you'll see people queuing up to get their taxi. You'll have to go up the stairs to get there. In the end, I think that this is a nicely done train station, a bit confusing for those who haven't been there before, and also a station that is nice to wait at and sits in a good location within the city itself. I'll make many trips here before I depart Edinburgh. One other thing, the Airlink bus to the airport is to the west exit, at the end of the road.. Dr Lam was recommended to me by a friend when they noticed I was sitting about 6 inches away from my computer screen as I typed. Since this friend rarely steers me wrong (although there was this one time...but that's a story for another time) I thought I would put that vision insurance that I was paying for and never using to good use.

Glad I did, Visiting Dr Lam and Eye Care North was a great experience. The office has a friendly modern vibe and you could tell a lot of care and personality were thrown into the place.. unlike some other Dr. offices that seem to only use different colors of blah on everything. 

Dr Lam was super friendly with me and took a lot of time to answer all my questions, even the dumb ones like "why is not being able to see near you considered far-sighted?" and other life mysteries I needed solving.  

They had a great selection of eye wear for men including Tom Ford, Calvin Klein, Gucci (who knew they made men's glasses? Not I) and Lacoste. For ladies, I think I saw some fancy Tiffany glasses and others but I didn't pay that much attention.

I ended up picking up a pair of Tom Ford sunglasses and a new set of prescription lenses with the fancy Blu-tech treatment, which I completely recommend for anyone who is on a computer regularly.

All in all it was a great experience and I can't recommend her or the office enough. I'll definitely be back again!. I frequently go here, almost everyday and sometimes twice a day! I enjoy the attentive service and the coffee is great. I am not a fan of Starbucks, so between here and Coffee Rush is where my money goes. 

Keep up the great work! My only issue would be the lack of a public restroom. Sometimes I'd like to sit and enjoy the coffee, but I can't do that for long.. I've drove by zooks several times and always wanted to go in. Today I finally did and I'm glad I did I had to very picky teenagers with me so not trying zooks before I was a little worried. As we walked in we were greeted by a nice guy behind the counter who explained the zook menu I ordered the #20 and my kids customized their sandwiches they got chips and I got kale salad. We got our drinks and sat down shortly our sandwiches were delivered and they were great pot pie like sandwiches, my picky kids loved them everything at zooks was great we're going back soon!. Book Buyers is great way to speak an afternoon and a few $. The is one of the few used bookstores in Charlotte and though I feel a city of this size should have more used book retailers, I'll take what we got.

The place has the sweet, stale smell of a used bookstore and surprisingly  a well-rounded collection. Non-fiction is their forte, which is rare for used bookstores. Unlike many used stores that have more titles of the same old Dr. Phil book or Danielle Steel, this store has more hard to find reads.  They have an exceptional history and social science section.  And books in foreign languages.  Wanna read Moliere in French?  Tres bon!

I can't stand cats so I normally eye that black beast if he wants to stroke my leg (eww).  The titles are decently priced, with a dollar shelf and several carts of paperback at the door.  The young lady who works there is rather nice, the older gentleman is not so much.  Still, I go for the books and I'm rarely disappointed.. After getting screwed over by another U-Haul location just a few miles away, this location had the truck ready for us by the time we pulled in. 

Outstanding customer service and no hassles. Good job!. I was looking for a pizza lunch in the Norterra Plaza area of north Phoenix - just north of the Deer Valley airport.  Couldn't find the intended target but Mellow Mushroom has a very visible sign that lured me in.  

They have a large rectangular dining area with a bar off to the side on the end.  Outdoor patio seating wraps two sides.  Lots of hard environmental surfaces makes for a noisy dining space.  There were lots of kids with parents contributing to the noise.  This isn't a place that would appeal to kids other than the food.  

I ordered a lunch Greek salad and personal pizza with cheese, sausage and caramelized onion.  Turns out the lunch salad would have been plenty.  Salad was very good and included a piece of garlic butter cheese toasted baguette - a tasty and nice touch.  

The cheese, sausage and caramelized onion pizza had crust that was medium thick crunchy outside with a soft chewee center.  It was a bit oily, but pizza is not really a health food.  Somehow, pepperoni was added also.  I love pepperoni but it no longer loves me.  Wish they had not put the pepperoni on but I ate it all anyway.  That's why I stay away from addictive drugs - no way I would ever stop once started.  

Overall Mellow Mushroom provided a noisy, filling and tasty meal even if slightly different than I ordered.   

They will stay in my lunch rotation.. Came at 1230p. Wasn't too crazy. 

Tried the prosciutto salad and Brie panini. Amazing. 5 star. On par with sf and NYC. Owner is very nice. 

Good food. good prices.. I have had three different BMW's in for service at BMW of Las Vegas.  Always excellent service that goes above and beyond what is expected!
Their new Service Mgr. is really a heads up person who always puts the customer first.. salted dulce de leche is where it's at. That shake is great.

The short rib tacos are also quite good.  

The florescent lights really detract from me wanting to eat there at night.. what better place to go to for ur favorite fizz!and then next door for sum great comics!fizz and comics ,wouldnt have it any other way!. Henry's is a great neighborhood Restaurant / Bar.  I'm not much of a drinker or gambler, so the bar side I'll leave to other people to review.   Food is excellent. , staff is always friendly and very attentive.  Price is excellent for the quality and quantity of food you get.  I consider myself someone with a good appetite and most times I cannot finish my plate.  Great place, check it out, you won't be disappointed. This is a really busy Apple Store being at the Scottsdale Quarter but have always found the employees to be extremely helpful and I love playing with the products. After having been to city smoke, mckoys, mac's and saucepan's, this place is by far the best. The grilled veggies are delicious and I love the combo plates you can get with different meats and sides. The bar area with high top tables are a nice edition because you can catch a game during dinner. No complaints about service or quality of the food! Only downside is parking is a little scarce during peak hours.. Best location in all of Vegas. Server was Marcus and he was the best server I've ever had here. Works hard and made sure my girlfriend and I were taken care of. Highly recommend everything here. I've only been to a Hawaiian BBQ place once. In Clearwater, FL. The place went out of business and I never had Hawaiian BBQ again. *cue sad music*

This was truly unfortunate because I really liked it. But now *cue the happy music* I've found Ono Hawaiian BBQ!

The service was a little slow but friendly. The service didn't matter anyway as long as the food was on point... and it was. 

I got the Braised Short Ribs lunch plate. It's a special that they're running only until the end of this week, I think. It was only $7.49 and fall off the bone good. It was a braised short rib with carrots served on cabbage. It also came with rice and macaroni salad. This meal made my day.

They sell Hawaiian Sun canned juices ($1.89). I got the Pineapple Orange. I'm not sure how well it paired with my food but it was refreshing on this hot day. 

I can't wait to try their Spam musubi... Aloha Ono Hawaiian BBQ, I'll see you again soon.. They changed it to eos fitness.. Awesome family owned hole in the wall Vietnamese place near UNLV. Most people are probably iffy about going here just because it's in the sketchy shopping center with Von's because that sure did happen to me! However, do not let that stop you from trying the awesome food here. I always get the banh mi and I would have to say the grilled pork is my #1 pick while the grilled chicken is a close 2nd. The pho is also tasty and pretty standard compared to other pho places. My favorite would be the brisket, which is what I always get in my pho. I also took Jane K.'s recommendation of the grilled pork vermicelli and boy was she right! It was absolutely amazing. The flavors blend together so nicely and I also like the freshness of it. ORDER THIS! My mouth is watering just by writing this review. So if you have a hard time trying to decide what to order, my preference is grilled pork vermicelli, bahn mi and then pho. If you're ever hungry in the area Pho Thanh is a must try.  Only 4 stars because sometimes the service is just blah, but I think they're nice to me just because I come in so often.. Newer, bigger, modern and just slightly up the road location. Same wonderful food. Matt's Big Breakfast may have lost it's dive-status, but it's still a great place to eat.

The menu, like the restaurant, remains simple and small. But all the offerings are delicious and plentiful. I decided just to go with the griddlecakes. I was left happily stuffed for hours.

Even with a few more tables than at the old location, I'm willing to bet that there's still a big line on weekends, but at 7:30am on a Tuesday, the restaurant was practically empty. If you're around downtown Phoenix during the early morning hours, why not stop in a Matt's Big Breakfast?. My Girlfriend and I eat here occasionally and the food is consistently good. The chicken Satay is tender and the Papaya salad tastes fresh.  The servings are large and filling.  We typically order our meals carryout and we can usually pick up the order in 15-20 minutes. The interior looks clean and modern and you can see the kitchen if you look, which is always nice.

If your in the mood for some Thai, you won't find anything better nearby.. Outstanding!  I was in Scottsdale for some golf and baseball. Threw my back out and was suffering. Looked like my weekend was ruined but I happened to find Thai Royal. Tara (sorry if name is misspelled) was a miracle worker. She worked on stretching my back and I was 100% better. Looks like I'll be golfing tomorrow :)

Thank you Tara and Thai Royal Massage!. I am a total Nike wore and go to this store at least 2 times a month to see what they have I really like being able to catch the sales on the back walls when they have them. Best times to go are in the weekend of a holiday or event because they usually have at least 20% off on their clearance and you alcan really clean up if you are a shoe freak like me.

Lately they have had a lot of the LeBron 12's and Kobe 10's on stock but theybare.still close to retail which I can't seem to.pay because I see this as an outlet where everything is suppose to be a lot cheaper then it was in the store. They do have a lot of hidden gems just have to really loom and know your shoes otherwise you may moss out on something that will make you stand out I'd you are into the shoe game that way.. Why are you still wasting your time looking for over priced food on the strip. Quick head over to Rollin smoke barbeque and enjoy the best BBQ in Vegas.  I had brisket and pull pork only 10.99. You can't find that on the strip.. The best steak I have had in years. Cooked to a perfect medium rare. Salad was crisp with a tangy blue cheese dressing. The waiter forgot my milk.. Love this place! A great family-run Thai restaurant with super flavorful dishes. Everyone is really nice and attentive, you can tell their hearts are in it. I've had a number of different appetizers and entrees and they've all been great so I don't want to single any out. Just pick your favorite one and something new and enjoy!. Great tasting beer. Great burgers. Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Plenty of parking. User friendly.. My daughter and I ate here three times during this year's Comicon and had great experiences each time. The serving staff wasn't quite as attentive as I might have liked, but it was during an extraordinarily busy time.The burgers and sweet potato fries we had were super tasty, and they do make a very fine margarita.

This would be five stars had the waitstaff been a bit more on top of things (maybe an extra hand or two during high volume rushes or conventions at the Hyatt?), and the prices been a bit more reasonable - $25 for two burgers, two fries, and two sodas is a bit steep.. They need to give Alejandra a raise. She's the best drive thru worker I've ever come across. She remembered exactly what we liked and wanted on our second visit. She has great memory and amazing people skills. 

I ordered a vegetable burrito and loved it. This is now my go to mexican spot. It tastes like senor taco only with a cheaper price tag. I only paid $5.75 and it was huge! I'm so full now and somehow I still want more of it because it tasted so good. The horchata was good but they put too much ice in it. Next time I come here I'll try to remember to tell them no ice. The green chilaquiles here are amazing.. pretty good food. lots of veggie and kosher options. even kosher sushi!
sevice was quick and friendly. we shared a small plate of hummus,  babaganoush, and falafel. all very tasty and fresh.
my wife had an eggplant sandwich which she said was very good. I had the veggie  pita with loads of chopped vegetables,  boiled potato,  and a hard boiled egg. it was ok, nothing I couldn't fix up at home.
overall good cafe and bakery.. Very nice employees. Donna was absolutely wonderful.. Craps, craps craps!. Excellent message.  Semi-private rooms can sometimes get loud.  The facilities are impeccably clean and the service is exceptional.  Great service and wonderful staff.  Prices are very reasonable.  Great experience all around.. 4 stars for the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale.  Good but I didnt wow me.

5 stars for the honey glazed salmon.  Best Salmon I had so far.  It was cooked perfectly!!!!. This place is awesome, great food, beautiful ladies, more tv's than any sports bar that i have ever been to and the absolute coldest beer in town.. This place gets high-marks from me for its atmosphere rather than its food. It's a great place to take kids with it's live entertainment and sensory-overload interior (bright lights, loud music, boat and airplane props). The margaritas are good and some of the appetizers and sandwiches are tasty, but nothing too special. Most of the menu items are typical bar food. I tried the mahi-mahi. I should have known better. It was a little on the dry side. You would probably be better off sticking to one of the sandwiches. My kid loved the kids menu which also doubles as a mask and the chicken tenders and fries he got were better than expected. Overall, it's a good place to eat for the price you pay.. Great wine selection and happy hour.  Will definitely need to visit over the weekend to catch the live music!  Awesome outdoor patio.. Been working near here for 11 years, and never knew this little gem was here. Driven by a thousand times but never the other side of the Truck wash. Food looks great a nice pictures posted so we are giving it a chance, hopefully we won't be disappointed.. If you need some fresh fish, this is the place to go.  Pacific Seafood is where I come to get my raw sashimi cuts to make sushi at home.  The fish is always good and the fish prices are just as good too.  I also picked up a pound of poke here once and it was sooooo killer!  I noticed they put kukui nut in their poke recipe.  Talk about island stylings.  It's been so long since I've had "traditional" Hawai'i aunty-style poke like this haha.  If you're into taegu as well, be sure to pick some up here because their taegu is pretty dang tasty.  The lady who works there is super nice and, I don't know how she knew, but she spoke to me in Japanese like I knew what she was talking about.  Funny thing is.. I understand Japanese but I never speak it?  I don't think I look Japanese as well?  Maybe I said shoyu instead of soy sauce and got her in the mood?  Haha who knows...but if you're into brushing up on your Japanese linguistic skills, be sure to jump right in whenever you're ready lol.  Psychic ladies and killer fish.  Definitely a good, but interesting, experience.. I have been eating at this place for years. Thai curry and hot Thai soups are always good. I especially like the Tom Yum.

This is the perfect place for lunch. I go during my lunch hour and get a great inexpensive item on the lunch menu and make it back to work before my lunch hour is over.

It's great too because they have take-out so I just call up first and pick it up.. If i am in a roll mood, I go to Island Sushi hands down.  This was one of the first sushi places I ever went to and it has spoiled me to any other restaurant.   Island Sushi sets the bar for ayce sushi and each roll is so good.  They also have unique appetizers that are not in any other sushi place.  The customer service is awesome, and the environment is very comfortable.. Smash burger does not let you down. I get the CYO big burger with grilled onions habanero cheese on a chipotle bun and it was hot the ground beef was fresh and I truly enjoyed the burger thoroughly. I like the fact that it is made to order and I do not feel sick after I eat it. 

The smash fries are a hit, the Rosemary and Oil give it a wonderful taste. It is also great because my wife doesn't eat red meat and they have a black bean burger as well as sweet potato fries. If you are looking for a good burger check out smash burger.. Very very good. Looks pretty bad from the outside and isn't exactly in the safest part of town, but very authentic. Everything we tried was amazing. Full of flavor. Lemongrass curry was great.

I can not recommend this place enough.  You will be hard pressed to find a better vietnamese restaurant anywhere.  The freshness is amazing.. It is such a delight to discover yet another really good Vietnamese restaurant in the city, and I wish I had known about this one earlier. The food is excellent and inexpensive, the service is friendly, the dining space is huge, and the restaurant offers a great variety of dishes. It is conveniently located within the large commercial area on the northeast corner of 35th Av. and Bethany Home Rd., so parking is never a problem. And they have WiFi connection for their customers - that's always a plus.. Diner le 19 mars 2015
Service excellent 
Repas du jour Bento style,  très  bon avec tout dans une assiette,  de la soupe au dessert...  Voir photo
La soupe boeuf et orge était vraiment bonne. Toll!
Helles Restaurant, Fenster vom Boden bis zur Decke, schöner Holzfussboden, 
witzig: verschiedene Tische und Stühle
Guter Vorspeisenteller, Prosecco, Cappuccino
Schön: nur italienische Popmusik. I was staying at a hotel for an interview the next morning. My shirt that I needed to wear got something on the collar on the plane ride. Despite it being past normal pick up hours, they made an exception and had my shirt picked up from the hotel.

It was prioritized for the next morning.. Catfish po boy - 5 stars.
Shrimp po boy - 4.5 stars.
Gator po boy - 1 star. 

As a big alligator fan I was horribly disappointed with the gator PoBoy.   The gator meat was soggy and possibly undercooked.  The catfish and shrimp were excellent and I'll be ordering the catfish PoBoy from now on.

Wait staff was very friendly!. I didn't expect to find such fresh flavorful fish in Scottsdale!  We had heard it was good and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the fish & Chips and found the coleslaw and fries great accompaniments. The restaurant was clean and bright and staffed with caring individuals.  The only reason that its not 5 stars is that I paid more for the casual/fast food than I thought I should.. One of the best Subs I've ever had West of Atlantic City's White House.Subs.  I suppose it helps that the people who own the place are easterners.  Just great.  I always stay at the Palace Station hotel on Sahara just to be close to this place for my daily lunch.  Its excellent, very inexpensive and they have enough variety to satisfy me for six lunches there.  I love it.. Maizie's has it all.. cool space.. wonderful service.. accessible menu.. well priced. 

Had the Bleu inside out burger.. very tasty and super juicy! WARNING! These burgers are stuffed.. meaning all the cheese is on the inside.. if you get a blow out (like I did) you're screwed! I burnt the hell out of my hand on the first bite.. the molten cheese sprayed all over my hand as the burger patty blew out the side. OMG, that was so fucking painful.. my first instinct was to lick it off (I don't waste cheese) but I'm sure that would have blistered my mouth. So word of caution.. eat these carefully. My hand was tender the rest of the evening but nothing a glass of wine didn't help. I should have told the server but didn't want her to feel bad about it. Though they need to add a warning label!!

The strawberry cake in the parfait glass was pretty tasty as well.. so save room!

Tasty but dangerous!!. Famous Dave's quality at this restaurant has gotten wayyyy better.  When this location first opened it was such a novelty in a part of town without many choices. After a while the quality had slipped considerably and I say that as a big barbecue fan. I'll eat mostly anything with barbecue sauce. I remember the food was so salty that it wasn't even worth making the trip. We had moved away for a few years and when we came back, I avoided this place based on prior experience. 

Well, we dined at Famous Dave's for the first time in 4 years about nine months ago and I was totally shocked.  The ribs were excellent. The burnt ends were actually edible. The only thing I don't like is the green beans. I wish they'd cook them a little more. There are a little too crisp for my liking.  Famous Dave's is going back into our restaurant rotation.. While out of town on business, my wife contacted me to tell me our dryer had stopped working.  I looked up Independent Appliance Repair on Yelp, and gave Ron a call.  Within hours Ron T. was fixing our dryer.  It had a bad thermal sensor, and Ron had the sensor replaced and the dryer running within 20 minutes.

Excellent service, expeditious, and reasonably priced!  I will call on Independent Appliance Repair for future repair needs.

I highly recommend this company for your appliance and electrical repair needs.. Total Wine.

You need only say those words and the person standing in front of you can't help but smile. If they don't, I recommend finding another person to stand in front of you.

Total Wine is like a candy store for adults. When I enter, I find myself repressing the need to run down the aisles screaming, hands waving in the air with joy like a child who has just entered a Toys R' Us... when that was a thing. 

It's beautiful, Total Wine & More. The best adult candy store I've experienced.. This is one of the best and only vintage music stores/art galleries in the valley. 

The prices are actually incredible. You'll find one-of-a-kind, very rare gear in good condition for flat out steals. Last time I was there he was selling a 73 Gibson SG in perfect condition for less than $900. Which is obscenely affordable for that iconic guitar.

The owner, Rob, is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. Come in and chat with him, play his gear. He's been around the Phoenix scene for a long time and is a very rad dude.. I called Big Jay for a couple of small plumbing issues. I then contacted him about replacing my hot water heater. On all occasions, Big Jay was punctual, professional and efficient. If you're looking for a plumber, big Jay is your guy! Great service and great rates!!. I'm going to go back.  If only to try a different soda.  Fantastic!  It honestly would be a 4.5 kind of place but I'm rounding up because of how quick the service was and the insane variety of sodas you can choose from.  it's basically the Total Wine of soda places.  I got some Leninade soda and it was delicious!  The wife got a grape soda that made you forget about any other grape soda you've ever had.  The food is great too.  I had the Santa Fe burger and it had a weird sweetness to it that I wasn't expecting (it had to be the pickles!) , and a very nice bun that absorbed everything the burger was throwing at it, and it was a lot (Good house sauce!).  Again, I will go back, and I will get root beer!. Four things that I really like about this place: it's extremely close to my residence, it's open 24/7, it has 2 squat racks and it's not too busy in the morning. I paid for a year membership up front because I don't like any business accessing my bank account. I don't really know if the staff is nice because I'm usually gone before they arrive. 

I'd give it 5 stars but it's not too clean. The bathroom is slightly unkept and it smells. Dust and dirt throughout the gym. I wash my hands when I leave so it really doesn't affect my routine. 

Overall I recommend this gym.. First visit after hearing about it many, many times. I was prepared for mediocrity and came away pleasantly surprised. There were 6 in our party and the bill came to about 136 with tax - not bad at all considering it is Vegas.

Sarah was a little nervous about her upcoming wedding so she just had a Raspberry Shake with banana and blueberries along with some killer sweet potato fries. Everyone else had burgers and enjoyed them immensely. My choice was the Kobe burger (American Kobe) with blue cheese, jalapeno bacon and a side of fried pickles. The burger was great while the pickles were just okay.

Nice place, not much of a wait and the burgers and beer were great. I'll go again.. This is my favorite place at night/dusk to watch a great sunset over the lake and usually over the city of Phoenix. Have been there for festivals or just to chill out. Ended up there this past Sunday also and it appears that in the summer, it is very empty. There is shade under the bridges, but that is also where most of the shady folks are hanging out too including the homeless dude on a bike whom had a crowd of about 100 pigeons around him. If you were homeless, why give the birds food dude, eat it yourself. Anyways, there are a few benches on the lake under some small trees. Only place that was packed was the kids fountain. The bridges are gorgeous at night and anybody visiting needs to check out all the colors on the bridge and in the sky. Kudos to Tempe for making this lake happen, but there has been four deaths in the lake in the past year too.. Press Coffee is the perfect pick me up when hurrying your flight out of the B Gates. Kurt and Mike provide the ideal blend of great coffee and amazing service. Greetings and great music put you in the mood to take on the bustling holiday travel season. This is my frequent stop over. Sorry Starbucks. Perks to everyone at Press Sky Harbor!. The restaurant was pleasant. Service was excellent. Food was excellent. I had the corned beef hash and eggs. Excellent! You should go here!. Wolfpack definitely exceeded my expectations compared to other shops in town. Best tattoo experience I've had by far. Mikey hooked me up with a difficult cover up that turned out great. Would recommend Wolfpack to everybody. Thank You!. I give them a 4 star rating because I get what I expect. I always order the burritos with no rice. To me that's just filler and carbs I don't need. I really like the blackened Mahi Mahi. Service is okay sometimes they can be slow, however every time I'm here they are extremely polite. I'd recommend this choice over Johnny Rockets and the other choices inside the casino....

And by some extra chips and sit and people watch! It can be quite entertaining..... Been to so many concerts here:  Buck Cherry, Return to Forever, Cheap Trick, Boston, Counting Crows, Sublime, Alice Cooper, Marilyn Manson,  Devo, and even attended as a volunteer pouring for New Holland during the Pittsburgh Craft Beer Fest. Always had a great time be it an outdoor show or an indoor event. 

Last night I saw Gaelic Storm. I've seen them a number of times and they have never disappointed. Great show! But every show has been good at Stage AE (with the exception of the Slightly Stupid concert who didn't take the stage until after 10:00 pm on a "school night").  The venue is the perfect size for live act.  Not a bad seat/view anywhere.

I always have a good time there and the atmosphere is just perfect. Something about the place just screams, "Lets rock and roll!" Last year my girlfriend, at the age of 55, body surfed during the Sublime concert and is so proud to tell about it! And somehow, without even trying or with predetermined intent, I always end up in the first or second row by the end of the concert.  I've got tickets to see Todd Rundgren in April and the Bare Naked Ladies with the Violent Femmes in May. Looking forward to more rocking good times.

My only knock on the place is that the drinks are expensive and you're not permitted to bring drinks in from the outside. My advice is to pre-lube either on your tailgate or at one of the venues outside of the place and simply enjoy the concert and ignore the concession stands inside. If enough people did that, perhaps they would bring their prices down to a more reasonable cost.. My AC went out, but it was still blowing room temp air.  I got a quote to have my compressor changed out.  That is what I was told I needed.  I received a quote for $2,250.00. 
I didn't hire the initial company, cause I didn't want to spend that sort of money without being absolutely sure I needed it.  I did some more searching on the internet and found perfect air and pipe to get a 2nd opinion.  They came out and confirmed I need a new compressor.  Their quote was $1,650.00.  My unit works really good like it did previously.. I noticed this place when it opened about a month ago. It is very close to my home so I stopped in one night instead of making a trip to one of the bigger liquor stores in town. Their prices were very competitive for the size of their shop, and they had a great selection of craft beers considering the amount of space they had. 
I've been in here a number of times since and every person who works there has greeted me promptly and offered assistance. On Thanksgiving day I was surprised to see they were open, and one of the people working recommended a Riesling that my wife really enjoyed. 
I never would have stopped here if it wasn't so close to home, but I won't be making a trip to Lee's anytime soon thanks to this place. I'd much rather support a small business that has better customer service.. Moko's Fiery Noodles have earned as spot as my current go-to/favorite noodle dish. Check out my previous review for more info...but suffice it to say that I keep wanting to come back for these noodles. I felt it only appropriate to give Moko a 5 Star Review for this. They have a spicy kick (4.5/10) to them...certainly not for the average patron...but fans of spicy noodles should give them a shot.. Definitely a great casino.  Many of the places on Fremont St. are a bit musty, but there's tons of hardwood and fresh air at Binion's.  This place was one of my favorites.

I may be a bit biased since this place is where the Big Game use to be played and is the birth place of the World Series of Poker.  If you're into poker go back and check out the Poker Hall of Fame and the wall with the pictures of all the WSOP winners.  And take note, that douche Jaimie Gold doesn't have his picture up, because he's a disgrace to the game of Poker.  

They've got a real nice poker room, the low limit No Limit Hold'Em game is a min/max buy-in of $100 with $1/$2 blinds.  A bit high for me, so I was a little intimidated playing with $100 on the line....
  Until I caught QUAD QUEENS on only my second hand!!!!! (That's four of a kind, and *very* rare for you slot players keeping score at home.)   I played the hand like a retard because I was playing scared, but I got lucky to win my fifty bucks.  The rake is really low, even in the small stakes games, and they give prizes for high hands.  I got a little plastic lighter with a Binion's Horseshoe logo for my 4-o-Kind.  I figure you get t-shirts and jackets when you get straight flushes.  

The place had a really classy, yet welcoming feel to it.  It's not like the MGM Grand where you feel like if you've only got $100 in your pocket you're out of place.  The place reminded me of a bar I use to go to.  The decor was nice and stylish.  I'll have to see if any of my pictures turned out.  

Any ways, if you're the type that hangs out on the strip all the time, come by here.  Make sure to walk out at the top of the hour for the Freemont Street Experience light show.. La bella is great! My cousins all went to his pizzaria back in queens and in phoenix all my cousins go to him out here.  la Bella catered my sons birthday and was a great hit .   thank you la bella!. I recently hosted a company team event on the Dolly Steamboat.  ~90 people attended our chartered evening dinner cruise.  The boat was the perfect size for our corporate event.  Everyone had plenty of room between the upper and lower decks.  Captain Jeff and his crew did a fantastic job for the whole 2.5 hours that we toured the canyons looking for wildlife.  We had food catered onboard by Brown Brothers catering and it was exceptional.  The stocked cash bar was a very popular place throughout the event.  If you are planning a corporate function of up to 130 people (the capacity I believe), I would highly recommend the Dolly Steamboat.  The feedback from my team was exceptionally positive.  This was my second experience with the Dolly Steamboat and I now have two datapoints showing that this is a do-not-miss excursion in Phoenix.. Just had lunch at Habit for the first time.  I got the BBQ bacon char and onion rings.  My friend got the Teriyaki Char and fries.  We didn't have to wait too long for our food as we got there before the lunch crowd came it.  I absolutely enjoyed my hamburger and onion rings.  The onion rings were nice and crispy and not oily or soggy.  My friend's fries were nice, crispy, and tasty, even without salt.  I definitely will be coming back.  Now I just wish one was close to where I lived!!. I wish I possessed the power to delete this place from Yelp and keep it secret. since I cant , I will share.

Others have said essentially disregard the visuals with this place. Fact. it is in the 'hood, has a downscale exterior appearance, limited parking, and a colorful human element circulating on the street adjacent to the area. Nothing dangerous, just colorful. 

Just park your sled and go inside.

The interior consists of a single room  of ~30'x20' with perhaps a total of ten 4-top picnic table/bench style tables. 

Wait staff brings menus. The fare is simple - flame singed animal protein ferried to your table on a small  sterno fired BBQ  contraption about the same size of a 12pack of soda cans.

We ordered a beef, pork and chicken paradilla, termed a half order. For $13,it arrives with tortillas, salsa,  lime wedges, and onion on the BBQ contraption which I surmise is a parradilla.

This meal would be a contender for my last meal if I were on death row. Perfect. Super tasty. Smple. Excellent value.
Free people watching. What more can a carbon life form hope for?

$19.36, with tax,before tip, for a sizeable pile of meat, a giant horchata and a giant soda.

If you want enchiladas, albondigas or a taco salad look elsewhere.

This joint does one thing, and one thing only, very well.

My ONLY complaint would be the tortillas and tortilla chips could be a bit better quality 
but things are actually fine as they are.

I hope the folks get rich and stay in business for many years to come.

Go, disregard the optics of the place, enjoy, and thank us band of swarthy reviewers
 for convincing you to give this gem a shot.. Very friendly, attentive staff, great food and venue. Outdoor patio is always packed so be ready to wait if that's your desired seating. We opted to sit inside which they sat us down very quickly. Definitely recommend it. Always a good time. Told a lane would be 30 mins and by the time we went to the bathroom and back, our buzzer went off and we had a lane. Service was prompt for drinks and food. Not the cheapest night of fun ($80 for an hour and a half with no food), but definitely a good time.. You know how Subway has a big selection of things to put onto your sandwich... this place does that... with pizza toppings! Choose a size personal, "MOD" (medium) or large. The 6" personal was less than $5. The medium was just under $8 and the large was just under $10. You can completely customize your pizza with as many different toppings as you choose... and the price does not change! It is quick and the crust is thin and crispy (not everyone likes thin crust... but personally it's my favorite). Good selection of fountain drinks, iced tea, lemonade (regular or blackberry) and beers. This is my new favorite pizza place... hands down!. Fresh, cool setting. I like the format of this place and I think it's a great place for lunch.. If you like hookers and drug dealership your late night poutine and frankfurters then this place will be heaven for you!  Add to that the surly Russian mobsters in the witness protection program who work behind the counter and it's an all around great time!  The poutine was, in fact really, really good, as were the franks and corn-dogs which we impulse bought on the way out the door.  If you're in the area trolling for a hummer or buying weed, then stop in!. 1. Front Door Wait for table, hostess was busy and had 3 takeout orders + 3 couples at one time plus answering phone. took us 10 minutes just to get seated in a place that had only 12 seated customers n 20+ tables open.

2. Once seated, the staff, busser, waitress, AWESOME.. they knew the regular peoples names, and weren't over powering asking if everything is ok, just right. 

3. Appetizer. Broadway Rolls..  Tasted Fresh shrimp, n crab, but crab was minced, but tasted awesome.. very pleased,

4. PhoTai and Shanghai Rice, Both great.. for Vietnamese Pho, i would rate this 3rd on my list of places to order Pho. Rice, it ranks 2nd.. fresh shrimp, and chicken was cooked, but not overdone and dry,, excellent.. 

Final say. I will be back. This may be monthly, due to travel distance Chandler to Scottsdale.. If i want Vietnamese, without the extra variety, Da Vang, or Phu thanh. But if i bring some friends, this would be the best place, because of the variety of the cuisine.. A taste of home is always welcome, and for this Colombiano, La Tiendita hits a home run. I dropped in for lunch while in Mesa and found a clean, well-stocked store and friendly staff. I had the chorizo con arepa and some empanadas for lunch, they were fresh, delicious and authentic in every way. Having Caracol on the TV and a good inventory of Colombian goodies in stock was an added bonus and I'll be back soon on a weekend for the Bandeja Paisa, my favorite dish. 

In a world of homogenized, look-alike, bland dining choices, La Tiendita stands out, as it should. Drop in and taste the real thing.. I absolutely love everything I get from this place. All of the food is really good and the price perfect!

   That being said, my only complaint/warning would be the online ordering. I have ordered egg drop soup as my add-on for the lunch special several times now and have ended up receiving an egg roll. After calling the restaurant to let them know what happened, they asked for the egg roll back (I declined in fear it would make its way to someone else's order). I would recommend calling an order in if it contains soup.. I went here for the first time today and the food was incredible. Had a Denver omelet with hash browns and home made cinnimon roll. It was a little pricey but the food was worth it to me. I would definitely go again and try the flavored pancakes, they looked amazing. I was in Scottsdale for seminars two months in a row and I decided to stay at Xona because the price was right and it is close the seminar site.   I have to say for the money I paid, I was impressed with the resort as a whole.  On my first visit they placed me in a huge suite.  It was essentially a converted apartment:  kitchen with full sized fridge, dining room, living room, and separate bedroom with a decent bathroom, two flat screen tvs and a small patio.  Kind of place you would pay $$/ month in Santa Monica.   My second stay there was not as spacious, but the beds were comfortable enough.
The other facilities were nice enough, but I didn't have a lot of time to scout around.  I know there were at least two pool areas each with a hot tub.  The exercise room was a little on the small size but sufficient considering the number of people I saw working out in there each time.  In the center there was a small restaurant with an outdoor patio and a small band played each night I was there.  
My interactions with the staff was positive.  Not quite four star but polite and efficient.  Overall, I would have to say this is a great value resort.  Not the most modern and updated, but it will do in a snap the next time I'm in Scottsdale.. There are a number of Hudson News at McCarran. This one is located in in the D Concourse at a major intersection in the Concourse. It is one of the largest Hudson News locations I've ever seen.

Picked up bottled water and several magazines for the flight home.

Lots of snacks, soda, bottled water, books and magazines, toiletries - and more are available here.. It's 9pm on a Saturday night and you've just gotten through roughly six stoutly beers and the drunk bees in your stomach are making it known they want company. This is the place to go. 

I start off with the fried calamari, which were cooked to absolute perfection, not a soggy piece among them, a whole meal's worth by themselves. For my main course, the Hatch Chile Cheeseburger with a turkey substitute and the pretzel bun, and an overabundance of sweet potato tots with a chipotle aoli sauce to dip them in. I am in food heaven here. THe chiles gave the burger such a good amount of heat and the flavor...intense. 

My companion and I then split one of the Pot Brownies, reese's style, cuz you gotta have peanut butter with chocolate to cut that much chocolate. I'm not sure if it's because the dessert was thought up by a pot head or because of the cast iron EasyBake pot it comes in but this darkened brick of brown love is delivered, swimming in a lake of what I soon discover is mallow creme, and topped with (you have to mention you want it or you'll sadly go without) two scoops of vanilla ice cream. It's not a dessert for the faint of heart or with diabetes, because if you don't already have to take regular insulin injections you probably will after consuming it.

Whether stoned, high, drunk, or just come down with a super case of the munchies, this little gem in SoSco will hit all your right buttons.. I have been to this location 3 times for lunch and dinner in addition to the original in Brooklyn. My expectations of a restaurant start with how long it takes to get seated, how long it takes before we are greeted by our waitress, how long it takes to get our food and if our waitress follows up with how are meal is and if are drinks are full. In my opinion, Grimaldi's surpasses all expectations.
This particular restaurant is great and this is why.

1. Staff was prompt and friendly
2. Food is amazing and love the decor
3. Management came to our table on more than one occasion to see if we were   enjoying our food and if we needed anything. It had a family feel as if your grandmother was making sure you were taken care of.

My wife and I get our pizza with pepperoni and extra basil, it is simply fantastic but the plain cheese and basil is more that satisfactory. get the large, it is only $2 more. We make sure to go here every time we visit Las Vegas. One last thing that made me enjoy this restaurant even more. There was an older couple next to us that looked as if they were from Duck Dynasty or some other hillbilly lifestyle. They were basically old school Vegas and I thought it was fantastic that this nice restaurant was a place of diversity where you can see a redneck, someone in a suit or a family. Great food is for all to enjoy.. Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks...Gotta have the supersized meatball appetizer!  Pizza is awesome too, but once you eat the incredible garlic bread, it's hard to swallow anymore bread so stick to the garlic bread...it's free!. Great! Busy in a good way. A lot of pretty people, but the drinks and chow prove this place is legit. First, the barkeeps aren't hick town slingers. Enjoyed a Sazarac so smooth I should have bought it breakfast. Piggy & Waffle app made me wonder why the folks in the South stick with chicken... Damn! Roasted chicken and Brussels sprouts was not messing around, though the mantra "never eat anyone's meatloaf but your mothers's" was reinforced with a nice attempt, but not a home run. Dessert, drinks, wine, and service were all fantastic. Big recommend.. Best burger and shake I have ever had. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I kept it simple with the dbl meat dbl cheese and a spiked Salty Caramel shake. Awesome!. Cool shopping and great restaurants and things for the kids and great bars and clubs and nightlife. This is the perfect place to bring a date right in the center of town. Has something for everyone and a great movie theater.. We've referred many happy customers to Postlaunch. Their team has been responsive to our customers' needs and have been great partners. We're glad to help their clients in turn by supplying them with the technology needed for the best positioning on the search engines.. "Ah, excuse me, ma'am....is there anything on this menu that doesn't have eggs of some kind?"

"Why would you come to a place called the 'Egg and I' and expect anything different?"

That's the conversation I had in my head, anyway.  They seriously know their eggs here, and virtually every dish has some form of egg in the dish or as a side.  

The skillets.  Oh my.  I had the Green Chili Chicken Hash Skillet, and I gotta say it was pretty intense.  It's a rarity that my mouth is on fire over the heat of a spicy breakfast, but the green chilis put me there.  I didn't eat until dinnertime...it was that filling.  

My wife had the standard biscuits and gravy, which did not disappoint.  She did admit there was a bit too much pepper in them for her taste.  

Passable coffee is a necessity at any breakfast establishment, and the Egg and I delivers well above that.  But keep in mind that while I give them credit for offering a couple different flavors of coffee, the hazelnut coffee was disappointing in that it was pretty over-the-top on the hazelnut flavor.  Stick with the standard octane and you'll be a caffeine-happy person for the day.   

Overall, it's a great choice for a breakfast destination.  You'll leave stuff, caffeinated, and a believer that eggs truly are a great addition to breakfast.. Go here if your looking for music, manuscripts, a novel, etc. It's a perfect location right at the berri station and so many people work here to help you find exactly what you want.. I like Dr. Natcher's common sense and "people first" approach to wellness.  She is a very caring person who understands the difference between a healthy foot and me being able to resume my lifestyle (hiking and outdoors).

My only regret is that when my foot heals, I'll have no reason to go back and visit (unless I injure it again).  I wish Dr. N was my PCP or another doctor that I frequent.  I think she would be great there too.  Every one deserves a good doc like Dr. N.. I thought this show was pretty good. Nathan definitely works hard to keep his audience entertained. The show had parts that were pretty funny and some magic tricks that really make you wonder. It's an excellent way to kill some time in the afternoon when there isn't much to do besides gambling. Buy discounted tickets at one of the Tix 4 Tonight locations on the strip, and arrive at the theater's box office early for better seats. For about $20, I thought it was a good deal for a fun show on the strip.. I recently had my AC unit replaced on my home by the AC Guys.  Great service, and great to deal with.  Tom is a pro, came to my house and diagnosed my unit and gave me a great price on a new Trane unit.  

If you're using one of the "Big" name AC/plumbing companies you're paying for their overhead and not getting a fair price.  I did get 4 quotes and AC guy quoted me the identical unit for my house at over 30% less.  Do your homework!

I highly recommend them when you need expedited AC repair/replacement.. Wow.  Great service.  Great haircut.  Great price.   No need to say anything more.. The Saturday tapas brunch was fun and tasty.  The creations are fun, inventive and worth the price.  Most tapas I've had overload you with too many, often boring small plates but Border Grill seems to have found the sweet spot of selection and creativity. Would come again.. Is it a super cheap 24 hour Mexican food drive thru? Yes. Is it fantastic? No. But for being a 24 hour Mexican Drive thru its darn good. Food was fast and cheap and good. 
I got the crane as ada plate and couldn't finish it. 

Want cheap and fast and good? Boom. A great pick.. Well priced. Had the natural juice, empanadas and bandeja paisa. Good flavor, well seasoned and good amount of food.. I went in for RC car stuff and a general look around.  I came out with most of what I was looking for, and now I know where to go get  a nice imported model car in town. 
 
Their 1/10 rc body selection seemed to be pretty weak, but I could not get the best look with them being behind a counter, but maybe they were re arranging.  

They had a good amount of other neat looking stuff, but I would rather avoid looking to hard before I find something interesting to spend money on. 

They were sold out of one tool I needed, but luckily the Hobby People near by had it.

I will absolutely return to look at paint for my current project when I figure out some idea of a color I want.  Though their prices seemed to be higher than Hobby People for Tamiya PS paints, they have a very large selection! Though this is compared to the Hobby People near me off Boulder... The Hobby People near this store also has a large variety of paint, but I do not think as much Tamiya, or other paint supplies.  

But I will update the paint part of this review when I go back to this store and the Hobby People near it to shop for paint, maybe I did not look around both stores enough.

If you are a fan of hobbies in general you NEED to go here, and thought it may not have what you are looking for, it is worth the visit.. I must say I was there for dinner Friday night, and it was the best dining experience I ever had, period. From the moment I sat down until I had my last bite of dessert it was one of the best experiences. The Chef came out and introduced himself and the wait staff was the friendliest and most courteous I've seen. Sadly, I don't remember the name of the appetizers I had, but I can recommend one with two different kinds of tuna and another one with Mozzarella and Prosciutto. For my entree I ordered the New York Strip, which pretty much melted in my mouth and was as juicy as anything. If you save enough room for dessert, I highly recommend the Sorbet and the Bread Pudding, trust me, it's not Grandma's bread pudding. After a great dinner, we went upstairs to the Patio Lounge and sat down for drinks and a cigar from their excellent humidor selection. All of this while listening to a live band playing everything from SRV to Santana and Latin-Fusion rhythms. If you need to show your clients a great time or impress the girl or guy in your life, make a run for The Estate House. You will not be disappointed!. Super good pho. Nice little restaurant. The service was good, friendly. Quality service. It wasn't the best that I have ever had but it was still very good. Get the classic #16.. If you're running between flights in Phoenix Sky Harbor's Terminal 4 please don't miss a visit to Tammie's. Wonder food and wonderful service. Yes that's right it's at an airport!!!. Can't really complain about its midnight value. For $3.95, you get a steak cooked to whichever context you'd like, hash browns, two eggs, and two toast! The midnight happy hour menu deal goes on everyday from 12AM - 6AM. It's a bang for the buck. The quality is nothing to rave about since it's not like you're paying double digits. However, outside the discount, this food can be quite pricey for its quality.

Service is above average. Because these midnight hours are the busiest, they tend to be inconsistent but as a man of value, I'll never argue with this value.. The bad was inedible (hockey puck bleu cheese potato gratin), the good was magnificent perfection (pheasant croquette & red pepper soup, Boudin of Fresh Lobster, Shrimp and Scallops with Tomato Coulis, and Mandarin Orange Chocolate Torte with Port Butter Ice Cream). Had I been willing to forgive the atrocious potatoes they would have received 5 stars.. Very informative interactive not into NASCAR but this place was fun to visit gave me a whole new outlook about NASCAR and racing.... Definitely a must go worth it for kids and adults. Wow, lived here for 10 years and never knew this was here.  In a Quaker building right off the 51 is one of the most Americana events you can catch.  Folk music played accoustically, by a varied group of folks.

My son loved it as did my girlfriend.  Cheap coffee for $1.00 and sodas, along with homemade baked goods round out the offering.  It really isn't a coffee house as much as a great place to hear music.

Very sparse (think Quaker) but a perfect environment for the music.  If you need to chill out for a few hours, hit this place up.  There are few places in America where you will see this environment.  Everyone is welcoming and nice, we will definately return.. This was our second time having china rainbow, and I can officially say that I am a fan. I decided we would try this place because it has two unusual proteins for a valley menu, Lamb and Duck. I'm used to these at nicer resturants back east but not out here. My wife had the Yuling Chicken the first time we went and I can say it was great. A full chicken breast fried in batter and perfect with the delicious yuling sauce and I had hunan lamb good and spicy...super spicy and tasty. I didn't care for the water chestnuts in the wonton soup otherwise it was good. 

Tonight we got takeout and I took the plunge and got the yuling duck and the wife got orange chicken. The menu "highly recommends" the orange chicken and for good reason, It was really good. I would order it for myself everytime we go but I'm gonna try something new next time. I got the fried wonton appetizer which was a waste of money even if it was just $3 it was just fried wonton wrappers with no filling I was expecting actual soup fried wontons or for them to be stuffed with something. Still a great place with really good and very reasonably priced food.. LOVE this place.  Finally, someone that understands that coffee is not supposed to be burnt.  Everything tastes perfect and I find myself drinking it as if it were water.  I only wish that they had a 32 ounce option.  The 20 is good, but it's gone in 15 minutes.

If you are near Warner and the 101, definitely give this place a try, it is phenomenal.  I would recommend either the Iced Cafe Mocha or the Iced White Russian Mocha.  Surprisingly, the raspberry-vanilla iced tea was great as well.. WHAT A RELIEF!! Just moved out here from LA ..needed a new barber and instead of hopping from barber to barber risking getting my hair messed up, I trusted Yelp with helping me find a decent barber. 
Let me just say I'm glad I did, after reading the reviews of this place. 
I came in early (around 10 on a Tuesday) signed in and though there were already a few customers already there, there still was no wait. My barber was cool and struck up a chill conversation so it wasn't awkward silence the whole time and to my "surprise" despite how picky I am he cut my hair spot on! Definitely coming back again!. Walked in to get glasses fixed and walked out with a new pair within ten minutes! Great facility and great staff! Defiantly going back next time I break my glasses! So much win!. Phoenix Ranch Market III is an absolute MUST for any person visiting Phoenix, Az. Forget the upscale breakfast and faux southwest shops that dot and line Scottsdale. Forget the 'burbs of Peoria, Goodyear, and East Mesa. Don't let your visiting family leave without making a trip down to the Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th st and Roosevelt. Yes, this is south of the I-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at Macayo's Cantina. At Phoenix Ranch Market you'll find a side of the city that nearly all of the transplanted surburban population seems to want to ignore, or just completely forget. This is Phoenix being Phoenix, not Phoenix trying to be a new Los Angeles or anyplace else.

After having breakfast at a carbon copy brunch eggery, I was in need of something less perfect and faux. I found exactly what I was craving. When you can hear the sounds of mariachi or radio campesina from your car parked at the other end of a packed lot, you know this isn't the local Kroger you're about to enter.

Part grocery store, part food court, part village market, PRM is huge, it's overwhelming and it's surprisingly clean and comfortable - this isn't a low rent grocery like Food City. With a fresh seafood section two or three times the size you'd find anywhere else in Phoenix, and with parts of animals you've probably never prepared at home, it's fun to just look, but even more fun to buy. Want meat? Want better options? Better cuts? Want an entire skinned cow's head with the eyes intact and staring at you? Check. It's all SO GOOD.

But that's just the meats. They make their own tortillas onsite with a literal factory and small army of workers churning out the flat corn and flour awesomeness. Hungry? Want mexican food? Want great mexican food? ALWAYS consider going here. Think of anything on a restaurant menu and you have it here. Prepared fresh, and a la carte. Seriously. Tamales of any kind. Horchata! Cow Tongue! Burritos of immense size and stuffed with anything you want. Some of the best beans in town, rice, and parts from a pig that still actually look like parts from a pig. This isn't the mall food court.

The place is packed with mostly hispanic families but you'll also notice a few adventurous types, including my asian self. Most of the employees speak english very well so language is not a barrier. The only times you'll need help is when asking what is that? And like mentioned above, the answer just might be cow tongue (which by the way, is good, however I can see how the texture would turn some people off. Imagine a soft almost too mushy beef...)

Oh. The food is also cheap. You'll get more than full off of $5, you'll explode at $10. It's seriously like heaven here. Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods. All of it awesome. I met up with my friend Amy.The.Kidd for 'lunch' and we ended up spending almost 4 hours just walking around, back and forth, trying each new item we found, or trying the standards but knowing they were going to be better here. Mmmm. Horchata, great corn tamales, rice, beans, empanadas, warm fresh tortillas... bring everyone. This is a place that should be in people's minds when they think of Phoenix, not just the golf courses, or upscale Scottsdale, or Frat/Sorority Tempe... but South Phoenix. No matter how scary it is for suburban soccer moms to venture down there.

Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime.. These guys always getting me taken care of when I'm in need of their service! Awesome thank you guys!. Its a decent mall with some highend stores.. Worth going to to get away from the casnos. Started meal with a more than delicious bowl of mushroom, spinach, and artichoke soup which was absolutely tasty. My entree was the homemade meatloaf which was a meaty delight. Definitely recommend for good service and good food! Deviled eggs!!! 131 Main @ Blakeney. The best sandwich shop in AZ hands down!

It's all in the bread. Since they make their own bread on-site, it makes your sandwich tasting experience so much better. The aroma and that first bite into your sandwich cannot be put simply. You will need to check a thesaurus to come up with better adjectives to express your experience here.

The italian focaccia and wheat bread are the best, especially the focaccia. I stand by the staple Dilly Club. They don't short you on meat.

Other greats are the Blazing Buffalo, Dilly Bird and the Vegetarian Special. 

All terrific and delicious. 

This is the kind of place that will have you coming back the same week.. I'd go 4 stars on pizza, 4.5 stars on atmosphere, ingredients and selection.  I go 5 stars on hours and price for Vegas strip.  To round up to 5 stars.  I'd have to say the quality of the ingredients was the second most memorable to simple, functional and cool concept.  Staff was quite friendly both times!. The most expansive beer selection in pittsburgh, but perhaps not the best; true to its working class roots it has miller lite on tap.  The food is excellent although the portions are small, especially compared to its pittsburgh competition.. Loved the family atmosphere and home cooked food.  The owners moved from NY to Las Vegas years ago and brought their yummy Italian recipes with them.  The lasagna, pizza, and pre-packaged tiramisu were great.  Only a short drive from the strip and well worth the cheaper home cooked food.. I first tried the Tin Kitchen at the Tread the Thread 5K race down at the Anne Close Springs Green-way and had the pork taco.  It was freaking AWESOME!  The guys did a great job handling a huge crowd (100+ people) while still maintain quality.

I just ate here for lunch at the Tryon & Morehead location in-front of the Catawba Lands Conservancy office.  I had the salmon taco with pineapple pico and cilantro-jalapeno rice.  Again, it was an excellent lunch.

Want to give a BIG thank you btw to these guys.  I didn't' read the dish entirely and missed that it came with an aioli sauce.  I can't eat aioli due to a food allergy, so I was disappointed at myself when I got my lunch.  Explained to the guy I needed to order another taco, but without the sauce.  Even though I offered to pay, he gave me the new order for free.  PEOPLE, THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!

Couple things about the food..... yes the shell is slightly oily, but crisp.  It is a bit pricy for my normal lunch budget / amount of food, but I realize I am paying for quality not quantity here.  The rice is good, but didn't have any jalapeno flavor at all..... I was actually grateful for this since I am not a fan of spicy.

Looking forward to them coming by my office again next Tuesday.. Decent and cheap Mexican.  Not as good as Tacos N More, but not bad either.. While staying at the hotel we took in a movie here. Totally enjoyed this theatre. Most comfortable seats I've ever experienced at a movie theatre.. Above average coffee shop. If your here for breakfast bring an appetite. Neither of us could finish the scrambled eggs with meat and potatoes. 
Seating was no problem mid week. The service was quick and efficient. Although it's probably more than you would expect to pay for breakfast you don't do it that often. The restaurant is one of two with full service and we like to have one great breakfast during our stay and it should hold us until dinner.. WOW, we were both amazed by the taste of the pho as it was flavorful!

We both ordered the Pho Chin Nam Gan Sach (Brisket, Flank, tendon, Tripe) and it was plenty.

It wasn't too crazy busy so service was on point.

I will def be back here!. Had a late lunch today, around 2 pm. Fairly empty.  It's been a while since our last visit, but the staff remembered us and treated us in a very welcoming style. Had the Reuben  with a nice side salad. My wife had the Ahi tuna coated with sesame seeds. A large, tasty portion for only $9.50. Good food, reasonably priced and friendly efficient service.. We have been in a few times for dinner and drinks since they open.
The service has been great... They have friendly and helpful servers.
The food is just short of amazing. 

It is more a "lounge" and less a bar.. As drinks, martinis, manhattans and such are outstanding... 
Beer is .. eh.
They only have like 4 beers on tap, and bottles. Not that great a selection.
But we come for the great drinks. So not an issue.

Over all a great local place to drink, eat and hang out.. The hot and sour soup is delicious! The service is great! Our waitress brought us waters as soon as we sat down. There weren't many customers sitting down to eat but they were busy with takeout orders.. The beer was great and reasonably priced for an airport. I highly recommend the pretzels and cheese soup with a raj.. It's best Mediterranean and Turkish food at town. I been here almost every week and almost 5 star service. They been improving quality and service day by day. Owner and employees are so friendly and their Doner kabob is best all of USA. You must try.. This is a service review only.

After having problems with a fraudulent service at Chapman Chrysler (see my other review), I went to Prestige.

I've had my car serviced here half a dozen times and the work has always been done completely and correctly (they even wash my car when I'm doing nothing more than having an oil change, which is nice).  Unlike Chapman, they have never recommended service my car doesn't need and have fixed problems that other dealerships couldn't fully diagnose (e.g. leaking air conditioning).  They're extremely good about honoring my Chrysler Lifetime Service Contract.

My only complaint is my service advisor NEVER returns a phone call.  Never, ever.  So when something happens like this last oil change where my engine light comes on on the way home from the dealership, I hear nothing in return ... Or, if I've had my rental car for three days while they're working on my rack and pinon, and I call to see if it's going to last over the weekend (because I'm headed out of town), I hear nothing in return.

My advice is to treat them like a girlfriend in prison.  Get as much as you can while you're there -- assume you'll hear nothing when you're not.. If you're not vegan or vegetarian, chances are good you've come here for a good beef entree. But a good cut of beef can be expensive, especially when the sides are sold separately. It's the middle of the week and you're low on cash. 
What to do. What to do.

You're a carnivore right?
Well it's high time you started acting like one, especially if you want to impress that date of yours. Go with the calve's liver.
You heard right. 
Calve's Liver.

At thirteen dollars, it's the least expensive entree Capital Grille serves up, but by far the most flavorful. Smothered in onions and bacon, this dish will have any purist begging for more with each mouth-watering bite. 
And besides, you'll save big $$ on sides since it comes with all the onions and bacon.

You won't find this delight anywhere on the menu, but ask your server. On most days the chef has it available and will cook it to order.
I always request well done, and unless you hail from a Twilight novel, owning a real penchant for the taste of blood, I recommend you do the same.

Also, it's worth mentioning how this was the first time I've ever gotten out of here for under a hundred bucks, but I did have to eat baby cow organs.
Oh well, at least it wasn't a lung or something.

Here's another useful tip.
This location has full-length oil paintings of prominent figures in Arizona history. 
Don't let them sit you in the room facing Geronimo.
I had to stare at that wagon-burner throughout my entire supper.. Hands down best sushin in az! Try it and see for yourself. Sit at the bar and say hi to jun or junji.. Our entire family loves Papa Sammy's! The pizza is always wonderful, generous toppings..always cooked exactly the way we want it. My daughter loves the salads and kid's menu and my teenage son would gobble up everything on the menu if we let him.. Great coffee and great service from David.. Went here with local during the Superbowl. THE BEST BBQ EVER!! Im talking in the USA people! I am a BBQ connoisseur(OH, GA, NY, CA, WA, CO, MI, MT, HI)  and this place is the BOMB! I will be planning my next trip to AZ with this place in mind!. Great cheesesteaks, clean, and everyone here is very friendly!

What more could you ask from from a steakshop??. The best thing about South Mountain is the location. It's nice to get out and about without having to drive more than a couple minutes.  There are really long hikes if you are so inclined. As well as lots of short ones that can be done without a whole lot of planning or worry.  Always print out the map it's pretty easy to get turned around as there are a lot of convergent trail heads in some places.  There are always people on one or all of the trails either hiking or mountain biking on the north east sides of the park. So if you are looking for a solitary lone hiking experience this is not the best place.  There are several entrance and parking points so there is never really a problem parking.  The 24th street / Baseline entrance has a pretty steep hike up to get to the Mormon Loop which is pretty cool. The 48th Street entrance has pretty good parking and is close by as well.  There are some pretty good views of the city and surrounding areas, but you don't ever feel all that remote and on your own as you would in places farther out.   I haven't tried any hikes on the far south side yet, but I'll update when I do.. Amazing atmosphere with great dining space and full bar. The beef panang curry was perfectly flavored and tender. The eggplant was delicious and cooked soft but not mushy. Try the fried bananas for dessert.. This is my 4 or 5th time staying at Delano, but first time since it's been remodeled and branded as Delano. (Previously it was The Hotel). I love everything about this hotel. The grounds are intimate and modern with sexy lighting and fresh air. Can I get an amen for no casino! I love to gamble but it not necessary for me to stay in a hotel with a casino attached and the Delano is a perfect solution. Walk in, straight to reception, no fighting crowds of people to make your way to the elevators, but connected to the casino at Mandalay Bay by a short hallway. Immaculately keep property, with absolutely gorgeous rooms with huge bathrooms (yes, plural). 
This hotel definitely feels less Vegas and more San Francisco or New York, with its stoned based design concept that carries throughout the hotel from the sprawling pieces of sand stone (??) in the entry way as an installation to the cascading stone sculpture that frames the reception area to the carpet that looks like bookended geode. It's a beautiful example of how a theme can be tastefully translated throughout a space without feeling cheesy like Vegas so often can. 
This mentality has definitely resonated with a specific group of people because you will not see stumbling drunk people or screaming groups of kids in the hallways of the Delano. Instead it's filled with the show going, Cartier shopping crowd that loves and hates Vegas at the same time. 
The only down side is the lack of private pool which is a serious thumbs down in the summer when your only option is to brave the clusterfuck that is the beach pool at Mandalay Bay- which, in my opinion, looks like the 10th gate of hell, filled with screaming kids and rows of obese sunbathers. Gates. Of. Hell. Fix that and I'll adjust this to 5 stars, because it deserves it.. The food is good! Had the wonton soup and thought it was just going to be a couple of wontons but no it had plenty of veggies and slices of chicken and beef! Also had the salt and pepper fried fish, it was nicely seasoned and crunchy. Definitely a good place for a quick bite of Chinese food!. We go to Vegas often and explore restaurants, Table 10 is now a new standard destination! The food is Amazing!! The tasting menu was the best and to top it off it was very affordable. I cannot say enough about this place. We have dined at all of Emeril's and they are all great, and  this one did not let us down. It is causal, and excellent! 
* DON'T miss happy hour and the goodies on that menu either!!!

Thank you to the staff and see you again in a few months!. who else to make the best mexican food but a greek guy?  this place is buried in plain sight in dormont on west liberty.  started out as a little burrito stand and is now a full blown mexican restaurant.  excellent menu and vast selection of hot sauces.  great bar.  anything from this place is as good as it gets.  fresh home made guac too.. I really love the food here... during the day. If you come past 1am (which I have quite a few times already) the food is just leftovers from the day heated up. The bartending staff is really good, though.. Love love LOVEE Spinato's. Their red sauce is to die for, perfectly sweet and tangy! 

Calzones are fabulous as well, especially the spinach, garlic & tomato one. Wards off hoardes of vampires, I'm sure. Warning - these don't reheat well. Plan on eating it all fresh.

Normally multi-meat pizzas make me want to ralph from greasiness, but their "Get Meaty" is really good, the sausage (I think?!) has a nice smokey flavor that goes well with the sweet sauce.

I go to the location in Tempe, but I believe they make their food in one place, so you shouldn't get much of a difference as far as quality goes.. Went to this place with a small group of family based on recommendations from Yelp. Was spot on to be honest. The place looks a bit plain, but the food was great and the range of drinks reasonable.

I would recommend this as a good bar to start the night or meet for a drink and some food after work.

Would definitely visit again!. Don't go anywhere else!  Arranged for airport pick-up and return at Las Vegas.  The reservation process was friendly and simple with clear expectations, wide options, and excellent pricing.  Booked the mini-stretch SUV for 6 people.  I had to make a time change the day before pick-up...no problem.  I had to make a change to airport return time, contact, and payment method....no problem.  Our driver for both trips was Merriel.  He arrived slightly early on both days to ensure that we were dialed and ready to go right on time...no waiting..awesome!  Great guy, very helpful, personable and attentive.  Everything you want and need in a driver.  Had the bottle of bubbly ready for us and he also gladly took us by a liquor store for provisions.  The vehicle was spotless, well equipped with cool lighting and media features, and just plain swank!   

This was the first time I have used a limo for transport in Vegas, but now I will ALWAYS go the limo route and will always book with Presidential Limousine.  First class service and people, hands down.. Driving that far away from the strip, I knew it was going to be good. We had the Tropical, soft shell crab and eel roll. Delicious!!! The Tropical roll was the perfect blend of fresh salmon and the mango that was fun to eat. The soft shell crab melts in your mouth and the crunchy eel was done to perfection.. I've been there a few times and the food is always good, fresh and fast. Li usually get the chicken basket for 11$. It's good but I wish it was a lil cheaper. They were pretty busy but the server still greeted me when I arrived and left. It's good and I'd recommend it. Bonne pizza elle est bonne avec du bacon et aussi avecdes pepperonies elle est vraiment délicieuse il y a aussi le spaghetti les brochettes toutes bonnes un vrai délice aller y. I eat out 14 times a week, all over the U.S. I think it's time to start giving honest feedback; helping others make informed dining decisions. 

Takeout only:

+Pizza is great. NY style
+The white pizza is freaking awesome!
+Very casual
+I only stay at the Cosmopolitan and I have a slice every day I'm there. 

Overall Score: 96% out of 100%
I highly recommend this restaurant.. We set up a private cooking class for just two of us on a Monday evening.  The entire process was completed in two short emails; Maggie was quick to respond and very accommodating.  

Maggie was ready and completely set up right on time.  After a few short demonstrations we were off and cooking.  The menu I selected seemed simple, but all four food items had techniques Maggie helped us through. The menu she created took us out of our cooking comfort level and had us trying new methods. Under the watchful eye of the chef, we were soon prepping, braising, baking and cooking.

The food we made was great.  Each dish was flavorful and well received.  There is no doubt we will utilize the new skills to re-create the menu at a later date to impress our friends.  

The entire evening was fun.  From her cooking lessons, to stories about her experiences, Maggie was as engaging as she was professional.  The event was a complete success, one that I would highly recommend to anyone.. Good fresh salad bar with a nice selection of soups. Can get crowded and loud during peak times. Join the email list and get weekly discount coupons sent directly to your inbox every week.. Is anyone ever excited about using a storage facility? I don't think so. You pay money to keep the stuff you already paid for. So it turns into a decision as to how much is your stuff worth. When I was suddenly offered a great job nearly 1000 miles away I had to ask myself how much is my stuff worth. I made several trips to different storage companies but decided on Storage One. This location is easy to get to, clean, and reasonably priced.. I have not extensively used dry cleaning services in other locations but last year I started using this one. They are very professional, I have always had my clothes well cleaned (button shirts and blazers) and the prices are very reasonable. Furthermore, the time frame you are given is very reasonable. The only thing that might put off some people is the fact that they write your name with a pen on the clothes. Of course in a nom-visible place, but still I do not think this is necessary. However, I think I will keep giving my delicate shirts to them :). This is my favorite Irish pub in town.  It has a very authentic feel for being attached to a casino, (probably due in no small part to the fact that the interior was reassembled from a true Irish pub deconstructed and shipped here,) and it doesn't try to be more than what it is - a pub.  No gimmicks.  The service is good and the appetizers are in my opinion better than the entrees, (as it should be for a pub.)  Try the sausage bites or the fries with white gravy.  Depending on when you're there, the atmosphere can get lively, too.  Lots of locals.  For the person looking for an honest pub, this is your spot.. As an update, if you get the veggies as your side don't get them cooked on the grill. Sometimes they will do this and char them a bit which is delicious but if your burger is cooked in the same spot the residual plant matter sullies the flavor of the meat.. Pricey but delicious.  Cheese danish was light & flaky. Friendly service. Hit the spot while I waited for Vegas to wake up!. Nice place with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Came here while we were waiting for our reservations at Mon Ami Gabi to have a couple of drinks.  Both of the drinks we had were very good. I forgot the name of them but mine had some fresh berries and champagne and my gf's was a fruity one with a strawberry type froth on top.. My favorite  place to get a haircut. They do a great job take their time. Good shave and hot towell. Definitely  my the onlyplace I get my hair cut.. Fantastic food and atmosphere, and right in the heart of Pittsburgh right at the foot of the baseball stadium. Will definitely hit up the next time in Pittsburgh!. Although there are tons of dining options in the area I find myself going to this place time and time again. This is old school italian in the best way possible. From the decor to the pasta, eating here reminds me of visiting my italian grandparents.They do seafood really well and I like the soup and salad that comes dish. Other pros are- reasonable prices for wine, you can actually have a conversation here. Service is always great.. I have been to Halcyon several times and have never had a bad experience. The food has been excellent most of the time and if it hasn't than its okay because the restaurant is seasonal and you always look forward to a new menu with new ideas when the weather changes. Maggie Rupert is always coming up with new fresh cocktail recipes that blow most, if not all, charlotte "cocktail bars" out of the water. And even though she is pretty much running the entire restaurant every time I visit, she still takes time to say hello and sometimes make me a new cocktail that she is working on. First and foremost your cocktails must be thoughtfully constructed and balanced but second, and sometimes more important, your interaction as a bartender with your customer must be sincere and polite. This place has it all! Oh yeah, its in the entrance of the Mint Museum and the décor is almost as good as the exhibits in the museum!. All I can say is OX TAIL SOUP!!!! So worth the wait when there's a long line. Was at The Cal a week ago. It was a must have. If you haven't tried it... TRY IT!!  My girlfriend  never had OX tail soup and was hesitant but my mom and I talked her into trying it, and now she can't stop talking about it. And that was 3 yrs ago. Will be back in August for more.. Went for the recent special offer, two dine for $22. Reminds me of several American chains, the ribs were nice and the small portion was sufficient for us to bring home a doggie bag. We had an emergency during dinner that required us to finish swiftly and pay. The waiter was prompt and helpful in the matter. Service was efficient. It appears that the price deal did bring in a larger crowd. Great when the deal is on!. Just wanted to mention that sekai does, in fact, have a modest liquor selection. It's not just beer and wine.. Nice hotel.  Check-in was extremely smooth and quick.  Hotel is very clean.  Room is nice.  Shower drain kind of sucks but I can deal with that.. I am an LAFitness transplant. I wanted a change and boy did I get one. My initial contact was great not  a sales pitch but an offering.(thanks Connor) I was impressed by the cleanliness classes and equipment. The staff is amazing  . They are happy  friendly and genuinely want to be there. I tried the personal training   To get back into the swing of things. Katrina was knowledgeable and actually listened to my concerns. She also let me know the importance of eating right. This is a top notch place. I received a newsletter and found out this chain was started right here in the valley, another plus. I can't thank you all enough I feel great!. I have to admit I was a bit standoffish coming here as, since it being Italian, I immediately feared it would be your typical run-of-the-mill water-ed down Americanized cuisine. Boy was I wrong. The venue is located a few blocks off East Carson, the main drag in a quieter area. The venue does seem a bit cramped when you walk in and unlike most of the sports bars on East Carson there were no flat screens where I could watch the Steelers game that was on at the time. Take into account that this was a little after 5:00pm so it had just opened and wasn't that crowded.

I ordered the Polpo alla Griglia, grilled octopus salad, the sardine, which came with two whole sardines with raisins and toasted pine nuts, and for dessert, the tiramisu. The octopus dish was delicious as was the sardine dish. Although the bones were a bit annoying, the dish was still divine as I loved how the bitterness of the sardines went with the sweetness of the onions, raisins and pine nuts. The tiramisu was easily the best I have ever had. It was so moist but not at all overly sweet. During my meal I also got to chat with some other clientele seated next to me one of who was also a food and restaurant connoisseur like me.

I think what separates this place from all the rest in the area is it's locale, it's interior and how it lacked the televisions thus only seeming to cater to those interested in the venue and the cuisine, and it's authenticity in that there seemed to be nothing Americanized about it...pure Italian. It's unfortunate that all I ordered were two appetizers and dessert. Next time around I'll have to try an entree.. Echo Tap & Grill doesn't really stand out from the other pubs around Madison, but it doesn't have to.

With cheap drinks, delicious food and trivia nights, Echo Tap & Grill is a more casual option for fans of sport bars. 

The service was efficient and fast, and the place wasn't overly loud or crowded.

We got a few pitchers of Spotted Cow, a pepperoni and sausage pizza and an order of cheese curds to share.

The pizza was great, with its warm, melted cheese fused with the chunks of meat, and a crispy crust with a satisfying crunch.

The cheese curds were just ok for me, as I would have liked it to be more tender and for the cheese more melted. 

Echo Tap, while nothing groundbreaking, does a great job doing just that: being a typical Madison pub.. One of my favorite restaurants... Delicious food, healthy, inexpensive. Just a great restaurant.. Visited paletas Betty today and I gotta say it's pretty tasty, I got the piña con chile and the pepino con chile agua vita which is a drink. Super good! I would return for sure. :). I personally had a very good experience here today.

I called earlier today because my snake had a bunch of mites on her that came out of nowhere so I freaked out and called them. The girls at the front desk couldn't help much with my problem because they weren't familiar with snakes which is fine not many people are aware of how much trouble a snake could be if it ever is trouble. They left my number for the doctor to call me back because he was in the middle of surgery.

When he called back I explained to him my situation and that I really didn't have the money at the moment to pay for a checkup and the whole 9 so he told me the one thing they'd only charge me for was the $35 spray I'd need to treat my snake of the mites.

I went in and the doctor completely took care of my snake and explained what all I need to pick up at the store and what I need to do to treat her. There was no hidden fees or anything they remained true to their word and I only payed the $35 for the medication for her. So personally I do feel this place is very great and I will be coming back if I have anymore problems with my snake.. What a great team ! They saved my life for real. It was easy to book and a fun time. 
Can't wait to come back. visited in March 2015, came in from SF bay area for spring training games,    my wife and I had a nice dinner, HOWEVER we felt ripped off when we ordered the diver scallops appetizer, cost of $18,  we got 2 ( yes two), scallops at that price,, really ??   still can't get past that one during an otherwise enjoyable meal of Korean spice lamb, and the ribeye steak.  The entree's are pricey too, but at least the portions are relative, unlike that appetizer of scallops,  I wish the waiter told us you only get TWO for $18 !!!. I tried Crunch out on a recent visit to the mall.  I have to say I wasn't expecting a whole lot from a healthy restaurant found within the food court of the mail, but I was presently surprised.  I had the buffalo chicken wrap (replacing the ranch with blue cheese) and it was delicious.  Although the wrap was a little pricier than some of the other food court options ($7+), it was delicious. I will definitely be visiting again.. Pizza is subjective - typically the best pizza you have ever had is the one you grew up with...until now.

This is the best pizza I ever had.  Lived in the northeast and had Italians and Greeks make pizza for me.  Been to Italy.  This is better.

Get the spelt crust.  Get the margarita pizza, or anything else on the menu.  Get vino at the shop nearby an enjoy.. This is one great place for custom donuts. Don't come expecting regular donuts. They have a number of different toppings and you can also create your own! They have coffee and other drinks as well!. We just toured the Wigle Whiskey distillery on the Southside courtesy of our daughter for Fathers Day and it was a total blast! Meredith, one of the owners & the director of our tour, gave us an awesome history lesson and educated us to a piece of Pittsburgh's past as a major whiskey producer from the late 1700's thru the Prohibition era while engaging us, making us laugh, and thoroughly entertaining us in the process. I'm not even a whiskey (or hard liquor in general) drinker but I enjoyed learning about and sampling their products.

The tour starts off with a cocktail of your choice from their chalkboard bar menu. I had a spinach, avocado & cilantro whiskey cocktail that just about blew my hair back on the first sip. My first taste reminded me of that strong whiskey burn that I don't particularly like but then the ice started to melt and I realized how much I was enjoying sipping on the cocktail as we took our tour and the drink mellowed.

Their facility is named for Phillip Wigle who was quite a character from the late 1700's that nearly got hanged in pursuit of making a living turning rye into whiskey and trying to avoid paying taxes on the proceeds. Otherwise known as the Whiskey Rebellion. Pretty cool stuff if you're going to have a history lesson on a Saturday!

The tour ends with a tasting of their wheat whiskey, rye whiskey, aged rye whiskey, and gin. These folks are turning out some darned good products here! They even have labeling parties for their bottles and apparently there is drinking involved and you may notice some of the bottle labels get put on a bit crooked. Oops!!!. Being from NM and going to school where this restaurant started (las Cruces, NM) makes me a bit biased but this is a good overall NM place.

Hands down the best part is the salsas and chips they bring out before the meal. One red, one green chile enchilada sauce (warm), one sour cream chile/ jalapeno and one bean dip (warm).

Overall the other food is good with the typical NM fair, nothing outstanding but all good. I like the Gorditas plate.

Interior is Santa Fe style, kinda outdoor feel.. Ate here last night.  Busy, great service, wonderful Louisiana fare.  Bread pudding is the best!. This is good old fashion service. I had a broken washer. I explained the problem over the phone to a technician and instead of coming out and charging me a service trip, he was honest and told me it needed to be replaced. Any company willing to forego profit to maintain integrity can have my business!. Love this place. Have been an owner here 5 years. Beautiful community pool and spa that's heated year round. community gym and clubhouse. What more could you want? I'm here to stay.. I've tried at least 18 flavors of wings and they are great as are their many side dishes, especially their cheese curds, home-made onion rings and sweet potato fries. Their burgers are fantastic and service friendly.. These people here are almost always good to go, every now and then you'll get a person who doesn't care but they seem to leave pretty quickly. Granted we were just visiting a few days but learned Ian's has the best pizza in town!!!. This is a great location to watch sports.they have numerous tvs and can change them depending on your seating.staff is super friendly and attentive.food comes out hot and fresh.beer is ice cold.there isnt a better place to go no matter if you live here or are visiting from elsewhere.management at this location is superb and really cares about the guest.. Just came off a girls volleyball tournament and daughters were extremely hungry.  Found this place which has been open 3 months.  I had one of the best pastrami sandwiches EVER!  besides the great food, the people who worked there were exceptionally nice.  Would highly recommend!. Really great experience. If I had hair I'd most definitely come here. My son needed a haircut so I checked yelp for a good one. I saw a few other ones with pretty good reviews as well but I decided to go here because I read that he's the only barber. And he keeps it that way because he doesn't want anyone to leave the shop with a bad haircut and said they came from his shop. So I brought my son here. It was a very good choice. He made him feel comfortable. He didn't rush just took his time. The barber shop itself has a really old school feel with old records playing, old school barber chairs, even down to the old school refrigerator with glass soda bottles in it. His wife helps around the shop and they're both super friendly. And the haircut, awesome. Made my boy into a man lol. Definitely a barber shop you should check out.. Tad-bit pricey, but a great selection and location nonetheless. Definitely a go-to-when-craving breakfast joint living in the area.. First time at this place and I'm liking it already.... Great food, friendly staff and very reasonable prices.
I will be back..... Good India food with a fast food concept. Its located inside the Riviera Hotel and was the only good option for lunch. The food tastes good and is reasonably priced for Vegas. The quantity deserves a special mention too. Stop by for a quick tasty bite.. Came here to interview a prospective MIT student.  Place was packed at 09:00 on a Saturday morning.  I had to wait in line about ten minutes - biggest complaint I have with the place and the reason it has four instead of five stars.  Baristas just couldn't seem to get it together.  Ordered a small chai latte, and it was quite tasty and served well.  Place is small, so there is limited seating.  Parking is a problem - need to park on the street, and there a couple of homeless guys who hang out in the nearby area.. This is a great company.  I bid them out for all of my commercial jobs and they end up winning the bid 99% percent of the time.  I have had to make very few, if any, call backs.. Joe's Panini is a little but busy, 24h sandwich joint in the downtown area. An employee told me that spicy chicken is the most popular option, but I'm not a huge fan. I like the BBQ rib. SO GOOD. 

Sandwich comes to $5.50 with tax, the trio (which comes with a drink and a side/dessert) is $9. They take debit. Service isn't slow, but it's also not ... immediate. Expect to wait at least a few minutes, maybe up to 10 minutes, for your order to come through. I've always been able to find seating even though there aren't many seats because it seems most people grab and go.

I like this place. I just wish the sandwiches were bigger.. Ok, so maybe this is going to be a hard sell. The girls are not exactly the same caliber as the bigger tourist trap gentlemen's clubs in Vegas. And on a good night (Friday) it can be pretty dead. But if the one club where I wind up having the longest conversations and the best lap dances of any gentlemen's club I've been to happens to be a dive bar too, so be it. Drink prices are reasonable. And having a local buddy with a gold card who gets us in for free every time helps too. I think overall, this place just happens to make this out-of-towner feel like a local.. Had a business meeting at Bouchon.  Great service and excellent food. Would definitely come back for a nice meal with my wife.. Mmm good. The various noodles they have are must gets! They also have excellent curries. If you are on campus, this place is a great buy. The building may be small and seem a bit dinky, but the food is excellent. I go here often and it is often one of my  go to's when I am eating out.. In mere seconds, an excited teenager with a huge smile darted out of the shade to take our orders on an iPhone. Ooh, I guess Square isn't just for tiny businesses nowadays. Neat.

The drive-thru here (I usually don't use them) is the fastest I've seen in any Dutch Bros location. It was so quick, our order was ready when we arrived at the window, and we didn't have time to tell the other employee just how good our days really were! I mean...not that she sounded sincere or anything. Clearly, there's a Dutch Bros script they have to follow. 

I bet if she had a cocomo as delicious as mine, she'd cheer right up. =). Well, our little Vixen passed away a few months ago. It took me a while to want to write about it, but it does give me another great (considering the circumstances) opportunity to review WTAH. The techs and Dr. Rollins were excellent in allowing us to say goodbye to our girl with dignity. They even sent us a card and made a pawprint for us after she passed away. I'll never take our dogs anywhere else. Thanks guys.. After another decadent Vegas night, I wasn't about to be up at the crack of dawn for some breakfast and there was no way in heck I was going to drive to dine at a ill mom n pop place despite high recommendations by my reliable Yelp buddies. I'm just too tired, too lazy and too dang hungry and nobody got time for that!

So I end up rolling out of bed at 12:00pm, brush my teeth and hobble down stairs for some much needed grub.  Just when I'm about to exit the hotel, what do I see? The Henry. Right across from Bond at the strip entrance. They serve a limited breakfast menu all day, I don't need to leave my hotel so that sounds good to me! 

The wait for a seat was a tolerable 5-10 minutes, and our server Billy, was energetic and friendly, albeit it on the frazzled side but he kept our coffees topped off and waters full, which was fine by me

He served up my coffee in a jiffy and since they proudly serve Illy, they get extra points!

We had to wait a bit for our food but it came out piping out and delicious! 

I highly recommend the breakfast burrito. This beast was packed with all sorts of good stuff: melts cheese crispy potatoes fluffy scrambled eggs and a side of zesty salsa and cool sour cream. 

We built our own burger with avocado cheddar and caramelized onions. I ordered a medium rare patty and it came out medium, no biggie. Oh but those truffle Tate tots were a plus! They were crunchy and had the most irresistible truffle aroma despite me immersing them in loads of ketchup! Yum

Both dishes were quite substantial so we decided to forgo dessert. We charged the bill to the room (hello identity points) and we were out of there in record time. 

Thanks Henry, you're the perfect cure for a Vegas hangover 

Happy Eats!. So much better than my last visit. Service was awesome and so was there food. I'm glad I gave this place another chance I will definitely come back to eat here again. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch at the anniversary party and had a decent band. I would like to see some more variety with their crafted beers. I have eaten at Daisy's Deli a couple of times now.  The food is excellent, the service is friendly and the prices are extremely reasonable.  VALUE is the word for this Deli.  They have an extensive menu, and if my two visits are any indication, everything they put together is extremely good.

This is a DEFINITE must try if you are in the Henderson area and want a great meal at an even better price.

Big Al. Mark is LEGIT.  Only barber I let cut my hair now.  

I've strayed away from time to time and got stuck with a terrible haircut.  I seriously dont know how some people get their license to begin with...

Anyways, the guy is consistant.  Spot on, everytime. Keep up the good work man.. Solid experience.  I am somewhat of a regular here (once a week, or so).  Good coffee, good service, good wifi.  I would give it five stars, but it's just a tad too warm inside.  They're a little stingy on the AC.  This is why I go to Starbucks most of the time.. One of the best loungie-club places in Vegas.  Dress sharp, pay the cover, and have a GREAT time with a good looking, fun crowd.  The music is always bumping, and the mood is fun.  I try to hit Blush every time I go to Vegas!

Note - this IS a bit older crowd, so if you are 21, not dressed to kill, or not interested in dancing/mingling, this is not the place!. This place was very good.  They had a table big enough for ten of us and we could all hear each other.  I had the beef ribs and they were great.. Wonderful place for both great coffee and a cool
Atmosphere for working with chill, usually good music and interesting crowd.  If I wrote anything more it would be over kill.  That's all you need to know.  Oh, except it's a good looking crowd and tell them to stay open later at least one night a week!. Giving this place 5 stars is a no brainer! I can confidently say this is the most amazing breakfast I've had in the valley! 

I had the Arepas, which is something I've never heard of and it was to die for. Eggs with chorizo, sausage, giant beans and more. So so good.

Staff is friendly, small kitchen and very personable, I thanked the chef in person on the way out for the amazing experience! Very welcoming environment! 
I will certainly be back.. Cafe Rio has quickly become my favorite place to eat out. The food is great, and the atmosphere is great for families, couples, or groups! Plus, they have Apple Beer!. This place absolutely rocks! I was a little skeptical at first because of the name (tired of Indian restaurants named as 'gates', 'taj', 'palace', 'paradise'). We were a group of 5 guys on our way to a movie and were left with only this place for an option as it was after 9 PM on Saturday. Being not a busy night, an elderly punjabi lady and a couple of gentlemen took personal care of us. We ordered a paneer dish, a dal dish and a chicken dish and everything was made to perfection. Naans and rotis were fresh, cooked properly and tasted good, if not great. We also had 3 full Indian beer bottles and altogether our check came to just $75/-. To top it off, they gave us complimentary Gulab Jamuns towards the end and we were extremely delighted. All in all - a perfect experience for me and I would recommend this place to any Indian food fans. Though I stay in North Phoenix, I'd want to visit this place again at least for a couple of times to see how far it is consistent experience.. Excellent customer service and the best blue crab available in Las Vegas, this all combined to make my wife very happy for her birthday.. After more experience with Lesco I am upgrading them from four to five stars. I recently went for my yearly eye exam and found that I actually need a bit of distance correction along with my reading glasses which led me to decide that I needed a pair of progressive glasses. I also wanted to get a pair of prescription sunglasses so I can do things like drive, read, and look at Yelp on my phone while outside. However, I didn't want to buy another pair of frames because I already had a pair that I liked. Unfortunately, most optometrists won't put a new pair of lenses in frames that you already own, but Lesco will. I took in the reading glasses that I had bought a few years back (and paid a pretty penny for) and I picked up a pair of Randolph Engineering Aviator frames on Ebay and for less than the cost of one new pair of glasses at my eye doctor I now have two great pairs of glasses.

And it doesn't stop there, I've gone in several times to have the frames adjusted and tightened until they fit perfectly. Service is always friendly, quick, and extremely well done. 

I don't think I will ever go anywhere else for my glasses!. GREAT SANDWICHES, and GREAT PEOPLE. I love the games here but can't go very often since they don't rotate new games in very often.  The place is usually pretty clean.

Pool tables often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you'll find in the city.

Food is just "ok" Drink prices are fair but not great.. What a GREAT place to shop, learn, and browse. I have bought several plants from Campbell's and all my plants thrive due to their quality and great care instructions. I also love the fact that they discouraged me from a buying a pot I wanted last December because I wanted to transplant a new indoor tree into it... they said that the tree was hibernating and to get the pot in the spring so as not to shock it. Well, guess what, I am buying that pot from them this spring... they now have a LOYAL customer.. I'm not going to complain about waiting in line for 25¢ wings, they're a snack after drinking, don't expect more you won't be disappointed.

Now the real food was very good, Brisket sandwich, Chicken Fried Steak and the Three Cheese Dip with Chips are very tasty.

What makes this place is the bartender, pays attention to your drink, gaming and a friendly guy.  Very polite to my wife.  Thanks Steve-O.. Fantastic food, cool non-strip atmosphere (dark, red room), and cheapie-cheap!  I have been pretty blown away all three times I've eaten here.  For the price, tapas doesn't get much better than this.

You MUST try:

Stuffed dates
Lamb chops in red-wine reduction with sauteed lentils (yummy!!!)
Grilled octopus (pulpo asado)
Filet mignon sliders

But everything was really tasty.  Pitchers of Sangria or Mojitos are a bargain for a group.  They're both a little too sweet for my taste, but I hardly notice since I can't be torn away from my food.  

There's also a happening scene on the patio at night.. Needed my condo mailbox lock replaced. Mendel did a great job and made sure I was satisfied with the work before leaving.fast and punctual as well. Def would recommend.. Great location for events.  I really enjoyed the professional atmosphere.  Becky the owner of the center is extremely friendly and does her best make sure all of your needs are meet.  Highly recommend for those looking for a professional atmosphere to do business.. I've had steak all over vegas, and this place blew almost all the others away. Great sides. Awesome service. And really superior steaks! The crust on my NY strip was truly fantastic. This place kicks ass.. My Battery went dead

When I stopped for gas at Costco, but they don't install.  O'Reilly's was just next door and had me back on the road in minutes.  More than that, the customer service and personal attention was amazing.  Especially from Bob Fedora, the Assist. Manager.  Would go back anytime.. Not too bad for a little Arizona aquarium. I had only ever gone to the Texas State Aquarium, which of course is much larger, but this one had nice touches. There are certain limitations, being based in an existing mall, so while the lack of larger sharks and dolphins disappointed me, I commend their responsibility.

They had a few really cool touches as well, including the different views available of the tanks and fish. Our favorite, of course, was the ocean view tunnel, where we saw their collection of stingrays and small sharks. Great photo ops there.

We came in at a discount, but I can see how full price can seem high for the size and scope of the aquarium. However, when you live in Arizona, you've got to pay a premium for good fish. Great experience overall.. We get a date night rarely throughout the year, so I try and find something new when ever we get that chance. Once we made it into the restaurant we were both quite pleased with the decor and the atmosphere, little did we realize that this was just the beginning! The wait staff here is beyond friendly and knowledgeable, our server Sam was what you would consider first class in every aspect. His attention and knowledge started our evening off in such a way that I feel indebted to him!! Then comes the food....! We had a four course meal that not only included a wine pairing for two of the courses, but also a pre-dinner cocktail. The food was exquisite, the pork chop with the kale and pickled onion main course was grand, and the paired wine could not have been better.. Old school restaurant selling steak and eggs s day long. It was but for me but the group I was with enjoyed there meal.. Pizza is aaaaaamazing.  The calzones are delicious too.  The spaghetti stuffed calzone is awesome too. This place is a must go if youre in the area.  Actually I'm sitting here for my second meal within a week. We loved this place totally! You might complain that this place looks old (it does look a little old as compared to the newer ones) but the hotel was good. We just felt like our childhood was here as we played some insane games here !!

There's a trapeze show (and some others too) every hour in the evening and it was a lot of fun. The room was decent .. This review is for the Samsung kiosk help desk. After going to the nearby Verizon store with a flawless Samsung S6 in an Otter box with a glass protector, I was told that the LCD under the glass was cracked and that they would not warranty it. Having my doubts on the commission based $8 an hrs girl there, I walked into best buy and stumbled upon Steve or Steven from samsung. He went over and beyond to call the manufacturer and get the ball rolling for my claim. They fixed my phone and I'm back on the grid. If I see you out fella, you gotta beer on me. Thanks for having this help desk and will use it sgain.. This review is strictly for the cafe.

My family and I have been coming here for years to eat the oxtails soup.  Before it used to be $4.99 back in the day.  I think now its $11.99 and its still worth every penny.  They only sell this from 11pm-9am.  The line can get pretty long but its worth the wait.  We always have to stop here every trip we make to vegas.. Great Sunday place for Sushi!! Apps, Making Rolls, and beers 50% off! Sushi is so fresh, staff is very friendly! A must place if your in North Scottsdale!. Checked out here in my winter break. It was an absolutely unique experience. Considering the price and uniqueness. Four stars.  The missing one star is that the hotel needs to think about more appealing things other than casino. I am so happy they opened up so close to my house! Having moved from Cali, I still haven't found a place to groom my dog without him coming out like he had been drugged or traumatized in some way. 

First off this place is clean. Right away you can feel positive vibes emanating from the store and the people that work there. You have the option of washing your dog yourself which would be a fun and bonding experience but I chose to have him groomed. 
My dog Wookie was at ease as soon as they took him.. they actually took the time to familiarize themselves to him, talk to him and put away his nervous energy so that he was OK with me leaving. 

They use organic products which is awesome and makes me feel better. When I picked him up he came out with a big smile looking like a million bucks! Tail wagging, bright-eyed and so happy I've never seen him come from a groomers like that before. Awesome! 

The owner who is so passionate and knowledgeable,  gave me samples of good quality food for Wookie to try (the samples were a good size they filled his bowl and he has a larger than average bowl) and dropped some knowledge about the difference between store bought and theirs (processed vs natural). They have a great selection of food and treats from brands around the world I never knew existed.. and it is a great price for a better quality product. 

Anyways Wookie ate the food with gusto for the first time in his life and so now I am happy that I have found food he enjoys eating which is better for him.. win win situation. Go and take your little friend.. they will pawsitively thank you!. I havent stayed at Mandalay yet but I love their Casino...the first time I was in Vegas I played BlackJack there and the staff and other players at my table were great.  That is why on my return trip I wanted to go back.  Unfortunately my return gaming experience was not as nice.  I sat down to play BlackJack and we had a fantastic dealer who was friendly and talkative and made it fun like it should be.  Then the dealer change...I dont remember her name but she came to the table and already looked like she didnt want to be there.  In the first 5 minutes she made 3 mistakes...taking the chips from a player who had a winning hand...then taking the same players chips when he had a "push" both of which he protested and she snapped back at him saying " its not my money, i wll pay you if you win"  then finally she swiped my chips up when I also had a "push"...I protested and she called the pit boss over and had to lay the hands back down on the table since she had swiped the cards up also.  Finally after all that she managed to get the cards back down and I was proven right.  She had taken my money on a "push"  That was enough for me and I colored up and left the table.  total playing time about 20 minutes.  Aside from that bad experience I think Mandalay is one of the better Casino/hotels in Vegas.. Excellent bagels that tasted very much like the NY bagels we enjoy back home !

The owner is very friendly and the service is efficient .

I would definitely recommend this place :). I had a great experience shopping at this Staples today.  I had a couple very specific shipping supplies I was looking for, and one of the floor reps was extremely friendly and helpful in helping me find those things.  Even a cashier at the front seemed genuinely happy to see me.  This came after a frustrating attempt to shop at Office Depot and I ended up finding the same items for about half the price.  Needless to say, I know where to shop for office supplies in Madison: Staples.. Great place, I like the layout - the alcohol area is at the front of the store.  Love their chicken salad from the deli.  Their cashiers are really good and friendly.. Came here for dinner and it was great. Even though we didn't get seated immediately, we waited shortly while we had a good time having drinks by the window with a great view. Once we were seated we actually had to waiters who were good at suggesting different meals since it was our first time. 

I had the bourbon filet mignon and the twined baked potatoes. The steak was perfectly cooked and I think the baked potatoes was the best I've ever had in my life lol...yea a little dramatic but it was that good. She had the steak and asparagus. She loved it. 

We had a great time!. Where else can you get quality creme brûlée and French onion soup at 3 in the morning...need I say more?. This place is great! They have good food and stuff! I recommend that you consume products from this establishment because my opinion matters! I bought a carrot cake cupcake that was amazing! I also bought a banana nut loaf that was pretty good, and some gluten free chocolate chip cookies that were mediocre. I think the problem with the gluten free cookies was the gluten free part. They didn't have an option to not get gluten free cookies so I had no choice. I would eat the cupcake and the loaf again. I will pass on the chocolate chip cookies though.. Went for lunch, great selection and everything had good flavor.  Love the concept of healthy and tasty.  Pricing seemed reasonable for fresh natural ingredients.. We recently obtained three estimates for roof repairs via ServiceMagic.  This company gave us the most complete estimate complete with iPad photos of the problems to be solved and was the cheapest by a long way.  They completed the repairs within a couple of days and couldn't have been more professional or courteous.  Highly recommended.. Admittedly, I love Sunflower Market. I can't really find anything about this place that I don't like. I do most of our household's grocery shopping here and Smith's with an occasional trip to Glazier's. I don't mind going to multiple stores, and don't expect one store to carry everything I need. However, Sunflower comes close to this. 

My favorite things about Sunflower:
1) Its close to my house - I've walked before.
2) Its a Colorado based company (being from Colorado, this is always a good thing)
3) I really enjoy their store brand items. The salsa is some of my favorite. 
4) They have a better beer selection than any grocery store in town, save Whole Foods. 
5) They are inexpensive when it comes to quality food items. They also have a large selection of beauty items that are much cheaper than Whole Foods (i.e. Dr. Bronner's magic soap runs about $2-3 cheaper here than Whole Foods). 
6) They have very good produce, and a great selection. 
7) They are a very responsible store and company. They care about social issues, and do a lot for the local community here in Las Vegas.

I also find the staff here to be very friendly and helpful, more than any other grocery store I've shopped at in town. 

I am very thankful that this is my corner grocery store.. This was a total Wow! A consultant who has become a friend and is a Vegas resident and who works in the food business told me it was his favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. He was spot on. The food and service were perfect and the beverage selection was top notch.. Awesome. Great service. The best lobstahh roll. Great staff. The mango sorbet is out of this fucking world!. Low limit casino in North Las Vegas, NV directly on Las Vegas Boulevard, north of Downtown. $1 bowling is a draw. The dealers and service are both friendly and helpful. Casino interior needs a cleaning, and renovation. Nice place though. I'll be back.. 5 stars across the board. If you can't be satisfied here then you may be to picky.  Staff is outstanding, rooms are clean/updated, and you can actually stay at reasonable rates if you have a little patience.  Not good for kids.. visited on 12/10/12 & 12-/12/12.  My original review was "filtered" by Yelp. So I deleted it and reposted this. 
I've visited Coast2Coast on a few occasions.  I've tried several different sandwiches, all of which have been huge portions for a lunch, especially with the seasoned waffle fries.  
"The Brooklyn" is a pastrami, grilled onions, swiss, coleslaw, on marbled garlic rye with 1000 island dressing.  Hot, toasty, melty, meaty, sandwich awesomeness.  
I enjoy the cajun waffle fries along side.  The guys cooking the food are friendly & professional.  I've not had any negative issues at any visits. Fast service, great food, full belly, only thing was going back to work from such a filling lunch.. I visit town every few months and when I phoned my Phoenix Wingman he told me he had a new place for us to check out.  We walked in through the backside of the building and it was reminiscent of the scene of Ray Liotta in "GoodFellas".  From the minute we walked in, I was wowed.  They took over the former home of an American Steakhouse institution and nailed the renovation giving it the just right amount of hip, cool and classic design to suit the bones of the building.

Here is where it gets even cooler; the place nails it.  Attractive, approachable crowd with barkeeps who pride themselves in living up to their self-imposed standards.  I happened to be wearing a shirt that had "Sazerac" on it so I had no choice to try their spin on this classic cocktail.  They did not disappoint, the dude made it with precision and pride.  We ended up talking about their desire to bring back those golden oldies where not only does it taste good, it goes down smooth.  

I was so impressed by the cocktail that I did forego any of the eats and that is the only reason I only gave it 4 outta 5 stars, but it just gives me something to look forward to on my next swing through Phoenix.

Great work people.

P.S.  I can't believe I even forgot the best part.  The music was delicious.  As a former professional DJ for over 20 years, I found myself using my Soundhound app on several occasions.. FEZ is a gem that I drove by constantly but never really knew what it was. One weekend my wife and I decided to spend a few days at the Clarendon Hotel and we walked to FEZ. Great food, great service, wish I would have stopped sooner!. Service by our server, Logan, was fantastic and the food was delicious, as always.  Been having lunch here for years as I work down the street and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal.  Highly recommend!. Boom! Amazing breakfast burrito! Fresh squeezed OJ! Yum! So many things on the menu I wanted to try, too few days in my trip to Phoenix.. Great ambiance and good food. Lot's of history in this place. The cappuccino after dinner is the bomb. I had the chicken parmigiana and it was pretty good. Nice portion too. Free red & white wine while you dine also.. You're my boy blue! We had a totally shattered iPad screen. I called him just before lunch and asked could it be done today. He agreed and I dropped it off shortly thereafter. It's a Friday and I jokingly said, "hope you can finish before happy hour." We'll he did it! Had me all fixed up and ready to go before 5. I got lucky on the time, but he would have had it done before closing. Nice guy, rock star service what more could you ask for. Also bought a cover for my iPhone 5, they have more choices than the legal law allows. USE THESE GUYS! You won't be sorry.. Finally found a great traditional breakfast spot close to home. The wife and I hit Joe's Diner this morning and we both loved it. I had the corn beef hash with eggs over medium, biscuits n gravy, and potatoes and it was probably the best breakfast I've had since the Hash House a Go Go, San Diego. Excellent food and a great value. Can't wait to try their lunch options. Staff was very cheerful and friendly as well.... I came here for by buddy's bachelor party. The rooms were nice, beds were comfortable, shower had nice tile surrounds, but the shower head seemed like a builder's special (nothing special about it). The front desk staff seemed attentive. The biggest downside is the pool area. It was very ordinary for the theme of the hotel. At peak times the once single bar for the whole pool area had 15-20 minute lines.. The lock on our apartment failed. I called around to 3 different locksmiths in the C-U area. One said it'd be an hour and a half to get to me (we live about 15 minutes outside the city proper) and the other said I had to call back in 20 minutes when the on-call nighttime guy was on duty. Depressed about what horrible customer service I was experiencing, I was about to give up. But Tri-Color was third on the list and man I'm glad I persevered! They came right away - he must have left minutes after hanging up - and had us inside in no time and replaced the lock. I won't call another locksmith again. These guys are great.. The staff was kind a portions were large. Have amazing salsa and hot sauce. Really fresh ingredients with amazing punch. Food was cooked to perfection and prepared quickly. In and out in 30 min with three orders. Why u have such low reviews, Inka Grill?  Food was AWESOME!  I caught this place on a drive by and saw a plate of Lomo Saltado on the window so I stopped in...I haven't had a plate of it in years, and it's one of my favorite South American dishes...it was FANTASTIC.  I didn't have the appetite to try anything else, but I'd go back for the Saltado anytime.  The green salsas (forget the name) are perfectly fiery and great.  They even serve the toasted corn kernels making it all very authentic. A bit on the pricey side is my only complaint.. Rocio, MOST BEAUTIFUL... Her presentation was amazing!  The food, atmosphere, and music is a must! You gotta visit here, without fail!. Guys trip to Vegas for March Madness. If staying at the Hard Rock it's a no brainer to go here. If on the strip, it's a strong consideration if you're a pizza fan or a DDD fan. Guy was here so check out the flavortownusa site as well. 

The pie here is money. Besides the crust being thick and cooked well, the toppings are Top Notch. 

We had 6 of us. We ordered 3 "wee" size pizzas and two orders of "wee" size fries. And almost finished everything. The pizza is very filling based on a thick doughy crust. 

One girl running all the tables was very good. If it was really busy, service could be really slow. However we did not have any issues. Good craft beer selections. No mainstream beer. 

I loved it, enjoyed the unique options and nothing disappointed. Hope I win some money at the Black Jack table tonight.. My name is Chris and I work for a celebrity chef on the strip in Las Vegas. This is the second time my wife and I have been to El Dorado and we love this restaurant. Tonight we were here for my wife's b day party and Jesse was our server. He gave us great service and we were a loud party of 11. Thank you Jesse. In addition, the executive Chef Paco came out to say hello to the group and that made us feel special. Get the table side guacamole....it is so smooth! The chicken breast fajitas were delicious!!! Thank you guys! You rock! 
Chris. Very nice place. Food was very good and they had a lot of variety. Not too expensive, but not cheap either.

There was a long wait to get a table and staff wasn't too friendly at times.. Thanks Jackie & staff for our business banquet. Great food, service, bartender, private room. Best way to host an event and pre-arrange "family style". Pricing is very reasonable.. Excellent Italian in Scottsdale Ranch!  We enjoyed our second meal last evening with friends that had never been to this estabishment.  The special chicken encrusted in parmesan was light and delicious served with house made pasta.  Our guests enjoyed the risotto and cleaned their bowls ... as previously mentioned the bread / house wine very good as are the house made desserts!  This is clearly a neighborhood gem.. It was time for a one on one lunch with my favorite assistant!  I was super excited to try this place out.  It's literally a block away from my job and I've heard the place is awesome.  On top of that, the Commissary was offering a 50% discount for all Nevada locals in the month of January.  It was literally, a no brainer.  

The Commissary is located on the corner of 3rd and Stewart Ave.  This Latin Kitchen is part of the Grand hotels and one of the many new joints downtown.  Lots of seating, inside and out!  Walk up the stairs and you'll notice a very trendy vibe and decor.  White tiled pillars with decorated mirrors, exposed loft style ceilings.  Lots of different material textures:  Stainless steel, tiling, concrete floors, wooden cabinets.  Really modern and trendy!  There are different types of seating for different types of dining interests:  tables, plush booth seating, high top tables and even a bar for drinks and bar seating.  So awesome!  In this bistro type eatery, you literally order your food, they'll give you a buzzer and you'll approach the counter again once your buzzer goes off.  Speaking of food, here's what I got and thought!

They have Smart water, two sizes.  I got the small on for $2.49

I started off with the chips and salsa/guacamole appetizer for $4.00.  This is a GREAT deal.  It came in a big bowl, filled with tortilla chips and two ramekins filled with salsa and guac.  The guac was chunky and filled with chopped tomatoes and onions.  The salsa was AH-MAZE-ING!  It was super smokey, like they've added chipotle or ancho chili peppers. So awesome.  Little spicy but really made a wonderful difference!  For the price along, super worth it!

For my meal, I got the Caesar salad for $7 and added chilled chicken breast for an additional $4.  The Caesar salad along was romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, torn homemade croutons and classic dressing.  The chicken breast was seasoned with kosher salt and pepper, perfectly seasoned, juicy and fresh!  The salad was a little salty.  Almost really fishy.  You could tell the dressing was homemade though.  The anchovy taste was super prominent, almost dominant at times.  The croutons were amazing though!  torn bread slices, toasted to resemble croutons.  It was crunchy, yet buttery and creamy!  Hard to explain but so good.  The parmesan cheese was shaved on to the salad.  One of the biggest fans of shaved cheese on salads, as opposed to shredded.  At the end of the day, I still felt the salad was delicious.  

My first experience was very good, overall.  Although it seems like a I got a lot of stuff, keep in mind that it's still 50% off on dining for the rest of January 2014.  Great promotion and because of my experience, I'm definitely going back soon!  Thanks so much for a wonderful lunch, guys!  If you downtown, you're in luck!  Check out this new joint :). T. C. Eggington's.  We found this place with my iPhone one morning while looking for brunch.  The ratings were good, so we decided to give them a try.

We walked in and had kind of a U. S. Egg experience: no sooner did we enter than FIVE consistently dressed and made-up women (some in shorts, some with blond hair, and ALL in pink-dominated pastels) turned their heads to greet us in a Stepford fashion.  One led us to a table in the back of the restaurant.  The surreal combination of this, menus with chicken wire inset into them, a long table next to us filled with 60-plus diners, and "Like a Fool Believes" playing over the restaurant speakers had me in a fit of uncontrollable laughter.

The menu was so full of puns like "hens forth", and "egg cetera" that I was almost too distracted to order my food.  However, I did settle on a stack of pancakes and sharing an order of french toast with my wife.

Frankly, I thought they only served pancakes THIS BIG at truck stops out around Kingman.  These things are gigantic.  Taste?  Best I've had in a restaurant--and I've had lots of pancakes in restaurants.  Order a stack here, and you'll have enough breakfast for two to three days afterwards--getting your money's worth is always a good thing.  Same for the French Toast--big portions, WOW taste.

This is the place you bring visitors from out of town when you want  to take them to have breakfast or brunch out.  The next morning, you can have breakfast or brunch IN, with the same food.

T. C. Eggington's is the ultimate breakfast joint in the Valley.  Go.  Just. . .go.. My wife, kids and I, all locals, ate here before the shark encounter last Saturday.  My wife had the quinoa salad with a Firestone beer, I had the lobster roll with Lagunitas ale.  The kids had a cheese quesadilla and grilled cheese.  Our sides were the coleslaw.

Every thing was really good; not a morsel left.  The service was really good too; the waitress recommended the beers and did a good job with her recommendations.  I would make a point to have lunch here again.

I would recommend reconsidering all the tile though; it is loud in this restaurant.. I forgot that I had already reviewed this place. Then again, my original review was pretty crappy and solely based on my superficial experience with the Yelp pie eating contest. Now that I've actually had a chance to walk around, nothing has changed. I'm still a fan. It's a little far from my house, but it's definitely worth the drive every now and then. I was there last weekend and they had a great selection of local vendors. From fresh fruit and teas to pizza tacos and aprons, it's fun just walking around and browsing. It's not very large, so it won't take long to take everything in. I tried the fruit vendor's super sweet navel oranges. Sure they are more expensive than your grocery store, but sometimes the extra expense is worth it. You'll also find some of our great food trucks joining in the fun. On this particular occasion, Snow Ono Shave Ice and Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery were there to serve delicious eats and treats. That's a reason to visit in and of itself. In fact, that was *the* reason I was there. Overall, Fresh52 is a great way to spend part of your Sunday morning. Get out there now and enjoy the weather while it's not too hot.. Food was excellent & food presentation is a work of art! Friendly customer service & will definitely come back again next time I am in vegas:). This is an impressive volunteer effort top to bottom. The costumes, the lighting, the choreography and animal training--and oh, that vivid finale. You can gripe a little about realism being set aside in favor of sweeping sentimentality, but a) it's an outdoor devotional pageant aimed at an audience well disposed to the the mainstream Christian "origin story," and b) no cover charge and no donations asked or accepted.

So, is there such thing a "free lunch?" Not really, no. The pageant committee is just a tiny, wee bit naughty in its claim (website FAQs) that LDS missionaries won't proselytize pageant attendees. Technically true! No duly designated missionaries took the Mic to preachify. However, certain pageant committee members did summarize the missionary appeal in the guise of giving the pageant invocational prayer. As far as "altar calls" go, it was a subtle and light touch.

Lastly, kudos to the committee for the perhaps courageous decision to leave out some of the sketchy historical details in the Jesus story: Herrod's massacre of the innocents and the Bethlehem Taxation Pretense. That right there is a little spoonful of chicken soup for this religious skeptic's soul!. Just completed my stay at the SLS Las Vegas (March 6-8).  

Our stay was literally PERFECT!  Upon arrival, Tessa made our check-in easy and fun!  She set the tone for the rest of our weekend.  Never have I ever remembered a front desk agent's name as easily as I have hers.  

We had a room in the World Tower.  The room was everything we could ask for.  The infinity mirros are fun.  The bed was so COMFORTABLE!!!  

Everytime I called for any sort of service (from questions to ordering food), everyone was so kind.  The service at this hotel is TOP NOTCH - seriously.  It seemed that everyone employee I encountered at the SLS was genuine and eager to help.

I have to admit I was anxious to see how our stay would go after reading a bunch of reviews but I am so glad I was able to experience this hotel.  I will definitely try to get my friends to stay here again on our future visits.. The Delux burger with a Papago orange blossom beer is my favorite meal in AZ. Highly recommend the sweet potato fries also. You will need extra sauce, it's amazing.. A gem. With awesome smiley staff. Good beer selection. We stumbled upon a great band playing pulp fiction songs while a 'just married' mafia looking couple was going crazy dancing to the music. Haha. This place seems to get forgotten amongst the newer fancier buffets around town, but this place still holds it's own. Yes it still is quite expensive, $43 for "Holiday Buffet." ( The holiday, btw, was Mexican Independance Day. Really Bellagio?) 
     Wasn't crowded at all on a monday night so was seated right away. Service was good, no complaints there. I come to Vegas to eat seafood and meat. The selection was really good especially the carving stations with ribs, lamb chops, and prime rib. The quail and the sea bass were exceptional. Most everything tasted really good so i was very satisfied overall. I would say Ceasars may be a little better but not by that much. 
     Seems like the guys at the carving station are kinda ticked off and mad about something, but then again if i had hundreds of rude tourists barking at me i would be a little ticked off too.. I'm pasting the same comment four times so it posts as a review and not as a tip.

Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.

Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.

Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.

Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.. We have been waiting a long time for a pizzeria like this in our neighborhood.  Chef Marc has done it again!  The pizza is made to order.  They use genuine, fresh toppings.  The price is right.
Questo luogo è la bomba!. AMAZING! Recently my girlfriend and I have decided to incorporate much more of a vegan lifestyle. It has been a huge challenge to find vegan options in Vegas. I heard about the Red Velvet Cafe and got the impression that there wasn't a ton to offer. Boy was I wrong! 
When we sat down we looked through the menu. At first it seemed like there were only a few vegan options. But we came to find out that EVERY item could be done vegan style. 
We started with Chili Rubbed Potatoes as an appetizer and were blown away. Hearty with just enough kick. For our entrees my girlfriend had the vegan version of chicken and squash with a teriyaki sauce. I had the chicken and eggplant in a sweet and spicy sauce. Both of our entrees had vegetables were you could taste the quality and freshness. The faux chicken was amazing. And the sauces were killer. The desserts here are nothing short of divine. We got three to take home. 
At the end of the meal Sunil, who I'm pretty sure is the owner, came over and talked with us. You can tell he takes great pride in his food and he should! 
Vegas can be really challenging for someone who is vegetarian/vegan. But rest assured there is an incredible restaurant here.. The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!! If u really like garlic the garlic bread is pretty tasty too.. Outstanding Prime Rib!  Have always seen this place for years in Las Vegas and SOCAL....never once did I think about eating here.  I SHOULDA ATE HERE a long, long time ago.  Lawreys cut of Prime Rib medium rare was GREAT!  Highly recommend this fare of food to all.. Having seen the restaurant on MVF, I knew I had to make it a stop if I ever got to Vegas.  I spent the last week there for a family gathering, and kept trying to find some time to break away to get there.  I told my wife that we WOULD be going on our way out of town.  We got there at about 10 am on a Thursday.  We walked right in and there was no wait to be seated.  The ambiance is cool, and everything seems like it was well thought out.  It was clean, and the staff was very friendly.

I ordered the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  All I can really say is, do it.  Eat this magnificent blend of flavors and textures.  Come hungry, it's a beast... but you will leave with a smile.  The fried chicken is juicy, firm, and the breading is light and subtle.  The hint of sage really adds a lot.  It might be the best fried chicken I've ever eaten... but that's a tough call.  The griddle mashed potatoes are excellent.  They get the texture perfect, and they are just the right amount of salt.  The chipotle sauce on the top is great also.

My wife had the meatloaf and eggs breakfast.  The meatloaf was delicious.  It was not mushy or runny or falling apart.  It was a firm patty, neatly grilled to a delicious brown crust.  Served with the griddle mashed potatoes, she really enjoyed it.  (And I enjoyed the leftovers.)

What really speaks to the level of service at this place is the experience my mother in law had.  She has celiac, and cannot eat any gluten.  She made her allergy known to our waiter, who took the time to double-check with the chef about what dishes had flour.  She settled on a scramble that had asparagus, pot roast, cheese, tomato, and obviously, egg.  She remarked that the vegetables were very fresh and everything was cooked to perfection.

Other recommendation:  Get a S'Mores Mocha.  Wow.

Overall - it was worth the wait.  And given that I paid with my craps winnings, it was the right price.  Stop by if you're in Vegas, San Diego, Chicago, or anywhere else they open one of these.  It's worth the time.. I'm sitting at the bar waiting for my to go order.  Spring  has been so busy, I have only been here once this year.  As I relax into the best Old Town vibe in Scottsdale, I kick myself for not spending every afternoon here.  Just about 3 years ago I watched the birth of this place and ever since it has advanced into a mature, stable and reliable eatery.  The staff is young, bright, and good looking...but most of all they are pros.  When you eat here, they make you feel like you're their most important customer.   They do an amazing job at making you just plain "happy".  As for the food, the Pablamo burger is to die for.  Just enough spice coupled with a tender burger patty which holds together nicely but springs to life with each bite as the juices spill out.  Seasoned and flavored just right, the burger is easily one of the tops in Phoenix Metro.  The ice cream milk shakes are a real treat, as well.  If your at the bar you can watch them retrieve  the ice cream from an old style freezer, struggle to dish it out into a metal cup, and then mix it right at the bar.  It really is fun and they have an Orange/Vanilla Pop ice cream shake that tastes just like the old-fashioned Creamsicle my mom used to buy for us.  Props to everyone at Rehab Burger Therapy!! and if you get the chance pay yourself a reward and get to them at 2nd and Scottsdale as soon as you can.. The service was lavish and deferential.  The entrees were wonderful, but the buffet kinda blew my socks off. Everything was new to me, but fresh and delicious.. Ramen heaven. 
One of the best ramen I've tasted 
This is located right next door to Bachi Burger. It was another cold night and I wanted something warm in my belly. They certainly did that. 

Here's the rundown:
Seared Hamachi - delicious. A carpaccio with citrusy notes. My only quibble is you only get 4 pieces. More please. 

Takoyaki - octopus balls. Octopus pieces in a crepe like batter and cooked into a ball. It was very tasty and the Unagi sauce? was perfect with it. 

Bacon Takana Rice - bacon fried rice. This I didn't like. It was on the dry side and not much bacon flavor IMO. Not a lot quantity wise too.

Tonkatsu Ramen - hit the spot on a cold winters night. The broth was so delicious. It came with pork belly and you know me and pork. Yummy!! Noodles were perfect.

Buta-San Ramen - also good, but to be honest it was basically the same as the Tonkatsu ramen to me. The same broth. The only difference to me was the extra toppings for this ramen (sorry, I could not identify the extra topping it had). Still very good, thanks to the broth. 

I had this to go, so service was efficient. 
The place was on the small side, A row of tables on one side and the kitchen on the other.
Pricing: it is on the high side. They do skimp on the product.
Ambiance: good for a date 

If you want a good ramen, you've found your spot. Everything else was just okay. 
3.5 stars, rounding up (thanks to the ramen broth)
I'll definitely be back (just for the ramen). Used them to clean an rental property. Cleaner was Maria. She arrived as scheduled and did a great job.  
I Paid extra to have garage swept, windows done and patio swept and it was worth it. 
The focused on the areas that requested and would not hesitate to use them again. 

M. Pieology took up a nice spot in my heart after my first visit. The customization that you can put into your pizza is just something else. The different cheese, toppings, and how much you can add to your pizza makes this awesome for me. I love that I can choose a lot of toppings and it all costs the same price. I use the motto, if it's good, just put it in, and that is exactly what I do. I can't argue with the flat rate for customizing a pizza and nobody should be able to too. Give this place a visit!. A hidden gem!  

You must try this place.  The food is so fresh with many healthy options and smiling service.  The menu is very unique and tasty!  I especially love the breakfast sandwich and the shakes.  This is one of my new favorite breakfast spots.  Its great, food ready in a jiffy; and the guys working the place are super friendly as well as easy on the eyes.  

You gotta check out this spot its truly a diamond in the rough of Southwest Las Vegas.. I recently experience a mild case of identity theft. Not too bad - the companies involved stopped the charges or refunded the money that had already been taken. But I did cancel my debit card and visit my nearby branch. I entered with two out of state checking accounts, a recent large deposit, and a barely used checking account. The various tellers have been asking me for 8 years if I wanted to change to an Arizona account, but I was too lazy.

I was helped this afternoon by the senior personal banker, Monica L. She was incredible. Very personable, patient, and helpful. She explained everything, made recommendations, and helped me put my accounts in the best position to work for me. I came away with an Arizona checking account and a money market account. The two out of state accounts will be transitioned out once the fraud charges have been restored. 

She made a challenging situation more manageable and I came away with a better line of services than I entered with. I have been a BOA customer for 8 years, but rarely use their services other than online. After my experience today I will definitely be more open to other services and using a personal banker like Monica for guidance.. AJ and his crew are extremely professional and efficient. I manage Liberty Market in Downtown Gilbert and we use Streak Patrol for all of our window cleaning as well as pressure washing. Their prices are competitive and the service is stellar. 

I would highly recommend using Streak Patrol for any residential or commercial property. Keep up the good work AJ!. Archie's is delicious, the beef curry fried rice spicy 10 can't be beat. The portion size is extremely large and cost is affordable this ratio is why it is a must eat place in Las Vegas. Food taste fresh and it has the right amount of spice along with flavor.

The service has its hit and misses, normally though they get it right ... I think twice out of a dozen times I had to wait roughly an hour for my food. My girl friend and I learned its easy to call and order it to go and enjoy the food at home while watching a movie. The space went under a remodel giving additional (much needed) space so wait times for a table are next to nothing when we go to dine in. 

Can't compare if to other Thai restaurants as this is my first Thai restaurant, but I do enjoy their food and believe they have set the bar high. Their food is good, menu has options for everyone, atmosphere is comfortable, service is okay could be slightly better, portion to size ratio AMAZING... so Give them a try you too may enjoy what they have to offer.. Pizza was great. Got 2 pizzas with one type on each side(4 types). Sausage, spicy pepperoni, the Preston and potato one and prosciutto one. Prosciutto was the best then sausage. Watch out the spicy pepperoni will be too hot for kids. Crust was amazing. Green salad was good. Big portions can feed 2 adults per pizza.. Mexican Restaurant. This is a hidden gem.  They have the best take out for Mexican Food.  A must try.. A cool little micro/nano-brewery situated in a strip mall located alongside Highway M, between Middleton and the Northside of Madison (how this is considered Waunakee is beside me, but that's why I'm not a zoning engineer).

If you've every been to Trader Gus's for gyros (in the Shell station), you've been about 100 yards from the Parched Eagle.

+ Quaint outdoor seating area; a few tables and chairs with some decent shade
+ Fairly limited tap selection - maybe 5 on tap when I was there?
+ Two guest taps
+ Super friendly and helpful bartender
+ Small but decent looking menu - primarily sandwiches 
+ Fair amount of seating inside; separate "dining-like" area
- Very small bar area

I had the Hop-bearer, sampled the Crane Ale, and sampled one that wasn't on the menu - a grapefruit ale that was quite sweet. All-in-all, the beers were well-balanced and tasty. I'd get a growler to take home, or sit and have a few here again.. I'm going to say that I like it better here than the downtown Madison location for a very simple reason: Seating. It's also a great option to have when stuck out in Middleton for the holidays. This place helps that little Middleton stay classy and it helps me stay sane when I make my annual return to the west side.

Otherwise, I'm staying in Madison for my coffees.. Simply the best food out there. They take care to help if you have a wheat allergy and are quick to get you fresh, non-gmo food. Been going to Chipotle since the first one opened in CO. My favorite!. Pommes werden immer frisch frittiert - und die Currywurst ist ein Gedicht - vor allem Dank der würzigen Soße! Super! Im Gegenteil zu anderen Imbissbuden, kann man sich hier schön hinsetzen - dafür ist es nicht so güngstig, wie sonst.. Very pleasantly surprised. We came here on a whim, and all (including kids) ordered pizza, and it was great! Probably the BEST PIZZA evvvaaahhhhhh! Great gelato in front too. Highly recommend.. Went to Stay True Tattoo with my girlfriend to get her septum pierced and met with Johnny Vegas. Pretty cool guy, super fast and clean with his work and the piercing was only 20 bucks with a jewelry. Definitley comming back for a Tattoo!! Make an appointment with him if you want quality !. Best meal I had in Pittsburg was breakfast at this place. Located in the heart of the Strip District, we went at peak time and probably waited for about a half hour. I'm glad we did. Trying to be healthy, I ordered the Greek omelette and asked to make it with egg whites. For $11.99 (+$1 for egg whites), this delicious creation comes with spinach, tomato, feta and asiago cheese, and choice of steak or chicken; I went with the chicken. Wow, this thing was good! One of the best omelets I've had in a long time, and I don't usually do the egg white thing. The home fries, cooked to crispy perfection, were also excellent.  Service was top notch  and the old school diner ambiance is a fun experience. 5 stars for an excellent breakfast.. Let me start by saying that I LOVE THIS SANDWICH SHOP! My wife and I were first introduced to it while living in San Antonio, TX. When we moved away, we both admitted that, aside from a few friends, Which Wich was the only thing about San Antonio that we would miss.

The neat thing about this restaurant is that you build your sandwiches before you even get to the register. So, ultimately, the attendant at the register is just there to take your money. That also pretty much eliminates the possibility of your order being wrong, as you've specifically annotated every detail of your sandwich on the little brown bag beforehand!

My wife and I always opt for a chicken-based sandwich. Our toppings are similar, in that we both get the standard lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, etc. Where we differ is in our love of spice. My wife likes the banana peppers. I like the jalapenos. For some reason, my wife doesn't enjoy a runny nose while she eats her sandwich...what a weirdo!

My daughter, on the other hand, LOVES the PB&J!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VuCZEIRXIh82TuKezSZKoA?select=ZQcOT7XhU0d2-pWYbu-wWA#NRt3OfYPakxYJgyOUI_glA They give you the option to have the crusts cut off. It's a fantastic way to let your child cover their faces with a peanut butter grin. Well, I know I get a kick out of that...whatever.

Now, don't be deceived upon entering this place. Since the paper bags are right near the entrance, it appears that you might be in for an extended wait for your meal...especially if you come right during the lunch rush. However, the sandwich makers at this establishment are VERY efficient (rivaling Jimmy John's) with making their sandwiches. So, even though it LOOKS like it will take a while, the wait ends up being FAR shorter than you might expect.

One interesting factoid: you can order Which Wich online http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VuCZEIRXIh82TuKezSZKoA?select=ZQcOT7XhU0d2-pWYbu-wWA#r_QZYHunPwfDIhgIolwA2w. That way, even if there IS a line out the door (and there most likely WILL be), you can stroll in, pick up your meal, and walk right out the door!

If you get the chance, PLEASE visit this establishment. You'll thank yourself for it!. Now called the "Oak & Ivy" - an American Whisky Bar. About 40 assorted whiskies. Very, very nice cocktails. 6 great beers on tap. A small selection of AMAZING beers in bottles.

Tonight, I am enjoying a Firestone "Stickee Monkee" - FABULOUS!

This joint is on my (short) list of places to visit whenever I am in Vegas.. Great! Wish there were more places with this kind of concept downtown. Run in, get a fresh made custom salad quickly and skidaddle back to your work hole ... to be read: cubicle ... before your whopping 30 minute lunch "hour" is up. 
It'd be cool if they changed up ingredients or had some 'specials' on ingredients once in a while. It's fun to come up with new combos but there are only so many that your palate might want before getting bored.
Oh and I dig the bread they have :-). NoDa had the highest reviews of any brewpub in Charlotte on Beer Advocate, so I had high expectations going in. And while I think it's certainly a solid establishment, it's completely overrated online. Probably because Charlotte is new to the whole microbrewery scene and doesn't really understand what's outside of North Carolina.

As far as taprooms go that are attached to the actual brewing operations, NoDa has their space down. Lots of exposed brick, an open floor plan, easy access to the bar, a few televisions, and a seemless integration of being both hip and mellow. It's certainly a great place to hang out.

As far as the beer goes, however, I found their offerings a bit lacking. They have plenty of options - ranging from the traditional categories and meandering into sours and barrel-aged brews - but all of them completely failed to captivate me. Don't get me wrong, it's all very good, but it's all more of a B+ range than a solid A.

I tried everything they had in samples and settled on a full pour of an oak-aged ale - I don't recall the specific brand now. In any event, it wasn't great. If it were, I'd have made a point to remember.

The bartenders are helpful though, steering me toward the cask aged version of the brew rather than the regular version I had originally ordered. And the food trucks outside are pretty solid too. But in the end, I've been to better spots, although it is definitely the best option in Charlotte proper from what I've tasted.. Reuben's is a busy place with good food. Their smoked meat was melt-in-your-mouth good. I would liken it to pastrami, maybe a little different. The service was prompt, and they were packed. Good beer selection to accompany your smoked meat. they have an IPL (India Pale Lager) on tap that goes great with your sandwich. If you like IPAs, try an IPL.. The fish tacos are delicious and margaritas are strong. Great meal for the price.  Oh and the salsa is good too.. Shoes, Skateboard, Shoes, Skateboard Accecsories, Shoes, Street Art (on Canvas), Sun Glasses, More shoes and T-Shirts!  Cool store!  Friendly helpful staff!  I said they have Shoes!  Van's, Tom's and the Pop brands I would not mention nor wear!

The guys here are very nice, friendly to everyone and never act like they have to sell you the most expensive stuff in the shop!  I see them tighten wheels for the Neighborhood Kids for Free!  Impressive!

No dog, though the nieces still liked it! Shoes and Shades!. If your hungry for crab or shrimp you must go here. Whenever I'm in Vegas I never forget to come here. They serve the best food and their service is perfect. It's great to find a perfect place that makes me want to go time and time again. I have yet to find anything comparable to here. Thanks. I dined here for lunch last week with my wife during one of the few days there was sun out.  As I have frequently dined at the Mon Ami Gabi in Bethesda, Maryland, I pretty much knew what to expect - good food and service. (unlike my experience at Les Halle in Washington DC, where I had excellent food and an asshole for a waiter)  I can easily say that Mon Ami did not disappoint.

After about a 20 minute wait, we were sat outside.  Immediately, fresh bread was brought to our table and our drink and food orders were placed (when in France, order Kronenbourg).  Our food arrived promptly. I had the mushroom quiche which I thoroughly enjoyed an my wife had the chicken and gruyere cheese crepe, which was tasty as well.   

The restaurant is also across the street from the Bellagio, so we were treated to two fountain shows (one of which was Frank Sinatra...it doesn't get better than that). 

In all, a great place to enjoy an outdoor lunch on a nice, sunny day.. This Upper Midwest bagel shop is a tempered version of what you'd get on Manhattan's Upper West side. Since NYC bagel shops are the gold standard and obvious benchmark for comparison, I figured I'd contrast the Gotham experience with what you'd get at one of the well-known shops in Manhattan (I live in Madison and travel to NY regularly for family and work).

Menu: Caper cream cheese, lox, capicola, matzo ball soup... this place is authentic. A true NY bagel shop is going to be a little more like a deli with whitefish and other kosher items. That said, Gotham's menu is more complex and if you are just talking bagels it actually has a wider variety. There are several predefined egg sandwiches and lunch options. An espresso machine and fresh juices are available to wash things down.

Food: Gotham's bagels are a little less chewy than most traditional NY bagels. They are also slightly smaller. That said, the bagels taste great and have a perfect consistency when toasted.

The egg sandwiches are probably the default choice for someone looking to cure a hangover. They aren't bad, but they look more appealing on the menu than they actually taste. Cappicola, egg, and cheese sounds amazing, but the bagel is always a little too hard and the egg is cooked more than I'd like. This is on par with what I've had East of the Hudson river.

The real staple here is a bagel with cream cheese. I have a couple regular choices: everything bagel with veggie cream cheese; onion bagel with caper cream cheese, lox, and tomato. The only difference and potential gripe is that a bagel shop in NY is going to give you a lot more cream cheese and lox. This isn't a bad thing since I usually end up scraping off a lot of extra cream cheese in that case, but I wouldn't mind getting a slightly heartier server than Gotham currently provides.

Price: the bagels are pricey compared to what you might pay at a chain or grocery store, particularly in Madison. That said, a bagel with cream cheese and lox is $8 at Gotham, and roughly $13 at Tal Bagels in Manhattan.

Service: most people working there seem like stereotypical New Yorkers, particularly the owner and the guys working the grill and bagel oven. This oddly feels MORE authentic than what you usually get in NYC, where Hispanics dominate the labor force in the food industry.

The people working the counter are sort of rude without doing anything that is specifically rude. Perhaps it's just the lack of the smile or any attempt at smalltalk. I think they are playing into Midwestern perceptions of what service in NY is supposed to be like, even though it's not really in line with reality (at least for a bagel shop).

There is a decent wait to get your food if it is even remotely busy. If Gotham bagels was located in Manhattan, this would be it's Achilles heel. As another reviewer noted, the orders are served sequentially, so even if you get something simple, they aren't going to touch it until they finish that order of 6 custom bagels for the coasties that were in line in front of you. This isn't Brueggers or Eintein's and you have to have that expectation going in or you are going to get very frustrated. 

Atmosphere: the dark wood tables and stools have a nice urban feel to them, and overall it's cleaner and nicer than most authentic delis or bagel shops that I've seen in NY. That said, the only real "character" here is from the images of subway stations and other NY landmarks on the wall. Some people might say that it's gimmicky to have pictures of another city up in a restaurant, but they could have gone a lot further with the whole NY theme and thankfully have kept it pretty low key.

Conclusion: great location, best bagels I've had outside of New York, and a great breakfast/brunch for under $10. This is definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a solid way to start the day or recover from the day before.. I should really write a review for this place since I eat here pretty much weekly for lunch. My coworkers and I have tried all the nearby gyro places and we all agree Mika's is the best. They even let me customize the Mediterranean like crazy (no tomato, no pickle, white pita, spicy tziki, spicy hummus). Our only gripe is we wish they made a chicken shawarma pita also, since we can't find a good one nearby and we know theirs would be the best. Very clean, nice digital menu boards and iPad registers, soothing new age music, and some of the best greek food in Tempe (especially for the price). Can't go wrong!. Really good food.   I have walked past this place for over a year and decided to stop in.  Everything was very good.  I had chicken teriyaki skewers and a rice bowl with beef and chicken.   I would highly recommend this as a place to go when in the strip!. Little rough around the edges but the breakfast food is great.  I haven't had dinner there yet but I will the next time in town.. I had a roof repair in El Mirage done by New Life Roofing. This house is a rental property for me, as I live 2,500 miles away. And because I am a roofing contractor in my home state, I can tell professional service when I see it. Richard of New Life, gave a very reasonable quota, and did the repair in a timely fashion. I did go look at their work, next time I was in Phoenix, and it was very well done. I have found them to be honest, reliable, with excellent roofing skills. I recommend them highly.. Outstanding!  This will be a regular stop for me each time I'm in Las Vegas. Knowledgable staff, great selection of both cigars and pipe tobaccos and related accessories.. Great place for really good Italian.. Mario and the guys were great.  Found a Tonneau Cover, bed mat and cargo bar at fair prices, as good or better than anything I found on the Internet.  They installed everything for me in about 30 minutes.  Great products and service.  I will recommend to all my friends with trucks.  Truck Access Plus is AWESOME!!!. I just had the Henry breakfast and it was perfect! The hash brown was amazing. I don't usually eat a lot of hash but the entire breakfast was awesome! I love this place!!!!. We went here for the first time tonight because I was looking for a place to catch sports highlights and grab some food.  The beer selection was good and we had wings and fries which were fresh cut and good.  I should also note that their ranch dressing is also excellent (it's dumb, but I think it's the little things that count).  The bartender was quick and cheerful and we wound up meeting the owner who was also a pretty cool guy.  All-in-all this is a great local spot that goes out of their way to accommodate their clients.  I'll happily go here again and suggest you do the same.. I have stayed here on business twice and enjoyed it each time. Pro's- they offer great deals during the week ($35 a night for us). You can bring the entire family as they have a big pool area, bowling alley (huge), movie theater and plenty of good restaurants at a reasonable price. The casino is fair as you win some and lose some. They got a huge bingo hall, sports book too. Cons- if you get a good deal on the room DON'T expect a nice view of anything. People who do the cheap room gets the lousy views. Both times we got a view of a solid wall with the alley down below where the employees take their smoke break. The strip is a ways from this place and is not walkable... They offer an all day shuttle but it cost $8 each, that should be free!
Overall, nice clean rooms, no problem with room service and the staff was very helpful. For business I would come here again, but if I have choice for a personal vacation I would prefer to be on the strip, but that's me and no reflection on the quality of South Point.. Well, my experience was a little different from my friend Will M. I was actually provided with clean glasses lol and the food, was pretty damn good. I ordered the Steak Fajitas with veggies. I came in at 8am maybe that's why I had a different experience Will? lol anyways, I'll be back here when I'm being lazy to cook. 

If I have to compare this place to Black Bear Diner, BBD wins, hands down. blueberry Hill happens to be around the corner of my Apt lol I can literally walk there.. I ordered several times from them and I was always pleased.  They delivered on time, were nice, and the food was good.  I was the most impressed, surprisingly, with their burgers.  I have always avoided ordering take-out burgers, especially from a pizza place.  But they were GREAT.  The next order, another good experience.  The hoagies & wings were good.  My only suggestion is they need to have a better selection of sodas.  Otherwise, I had a good experience and would recommend them!. I just got home from there for my second cut with these guys. Again, they were amazing! The wait was a bit long but not unbearable. It was a fun wait because everyone was talking together and stuff. It reminded me a lot like a barber shop in a movie! 

Now for the cut! I got my hair cut by Stephanie! She took her time and did a great job! She definitely wanted me to leave there happy and i definitely did. She made sure that i was getting the best haircut possible. We had good conversation with Danny also. 

I read a review that said that they try to get out of there as fast as possible and that definitely is not the case. The shop closed at 5 today and i was in there till 7:30. They took every one of us and the best part was Stephanie and Danny didn't seem in a hurry. They were happy to do it!

I again, recommend this place to everyone! Great haircuts, great conversation, and a great environment.. Best take out lasagna in Montreal -  a huge family favorite. Awesome Mexican food as usual.  The best Mexican food around here.  Cowboy atmosphere.. Bring your appetite.

This location just opened last week.  We went on their 3rd night and I was very impressed with the smoothness of their operation.  This restaurant is a Churrascaria, an all-you-can-eat-meat experience where the "gauchos" bring 12 varieties on swords and carve a little off right at your table.  I've been to Samba in the Mirage, and while good, Texas de Brazil is way better (and more expensive).  However, I must say compared to Fogo de Chau (the gold standard for Churrascarias)  this place gets an 8 out of 10.  While Fogo de Chau ranks as one of the 5 best meals of my life, Texas de Brazil is just a great meal that I would come for special occasions or when folks come to visit.. The best shawarama in las Vegas !!!!

Fresh and good service like in israel. I come here for their breakfast burritos. I find them very tasty and reasonably priced. In my opinion, a great way to start the day. 

The older lady at the counter is always really friendly and always has a smile. 

Haven't really had much of their lunch / dinner menu. The first time I came here, I had lunch, a taco plate I believe. Nothing special and seemed expensive.

It's the breakfast burritos and the friendly people that bring me back every time!. These are the best, most consistent donuts in the valley.  I was always a fan of the Chandler location, so I tried this location as soon as it opened.  I was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location.

I don't care if people go to dunkin for the coffee..a donut shop is about the donuts, and I haven't yet had any donuts in the valley in the same league as BoSa.. Great sandwiches, excellent service.  Delicious pickles.  Reminds me of Toaster Oven in San Francisco.  I normally get the wreck.  Get there before 11:30 to beat the lunch rush!. Great sushi option right here.  All you can eat has a great selection of rolls and sides and apps.  Fish is fresh and the restaurant is clean.  We've come a few times near closing and they have always been friendly and welcoming.. They gave a quote and came the next day.  Very quick job with assembling a baby crib, chest, and drawer set including moving the items up to the room, assembling it, and moving the items to the desired location, and taking the trash back down to the garage.

Things to note:  They don't dispose of your garbage, they move in two-man teams usually, and they're very quick (finished assembly in about two hours).   They also came with short notice which was appreciated.  Only take check/cash as of this review date.

Price was very reasonable and definitely would use again.. Good food. I enjoyed the Greek salad (Choriatiki). The beef tips were good but I would have liked a little more spice. The baklava is the best in town. Amazing service. Kind and always up for giving suggestions. I will be back for more.. A repeat customer.   Imperial Peking duck was awesome.  Shrimp in black bean sauce was very tasty.  Kung Pao chicken nicely spiced.  The duck is carved table side just like Wing Lei but for less than half the price. Service is excellent .  Chow mein just like the food in Hong Kong.  The food is as good as any Chinese food on the strip.. One of the better buffets on the strip that is reasonably priced. They even give a locals discount. Good selection of food, most of it was even warm. Would recommend this to friends.. Above-average American-Mexican fast food. Good salsa bar. My wife swears by the fish tacos.. "Food with Integrity" say it all! Highly recommend Chipotle to anyone looking for great tasting, fast and health concsious food!. Joe Poloni is one of about eight PTs I have seen over the past couple of years because of a pretty serious ATV accident and about 8 following surgical procedures. He was BY FAR the best and most attentive of all the PTs with whom I have worked. By total coincidence I started working out at a CrossFit gym with him after my treatments. He is also an awesome athlete who really understands the rigors and needs of hard core athletics. If you need a great PT go see him!

***Update*** This morning while warming up for my work out I tweaked something in my back. I went ahead and pushed through the work out and headed to work. By the time I got to the office I could barely move or take a deep breath without major pain. I've never been a big fan of going to the chiropractor, so I decided to suck it up see how the morning went. After a couple of hours I couldn't take anymore so called Joe. His office was closing for the day so he could do some house calls. Instead of telling me to come tomorrow he let the rest of his staff go home and stuck around while I drove over from Tempe. He then took the time treat and work my popped out rib! You won't find better service and a better PT than Joe!. I've been to Ticoz several times now and finally need to give this place the kudos it deserves.

Great food, unique cocktails, and outstanding service is what earned Ticoz 5 stars in my book. When we were first seated last night, we were accidentally overlooked by the serving staff for about 8 minutes. The host forgot to inform the server he had a new table. As a result, we received two free drinks and around 7 apologies from various staff. We weren't even waiting that long.

I had the paella, which was great, and my wife had the vegetarian tamales. Both were outstanding. 

Happy hour deals are fantastic for drinks and apps.

I will be going to Ticoz more often.. My first visit was the day before the big re grand opening.  Met with George who was very helpful and informative while answering my questions.  He invited me back to the event the next day.  When I arrived on Saturday, the store was packed with customers and reps.  George was busy, But Joe was able to quickly help me with the weapon I had selected.  The transaction was quick and professional, and Joe helped me select a few other extras.  Everyone I saw was helpful and pleasant, and the store has a great selection.  Nice job Guns Etc.......I'll be back.. I got my 25th + haircut today from Dusty at Barbers at Blakeney and it is the most consistent GREAT haircut experience I have ever had in my 52 years (and yes, I have a full head of hair)! I have also had great results from Jason and would have no problem using the other two barbers there as well.   If I had the time I would get a weekly cut from Dusty, he is that good.   All the barbers are great and have a fantastic clientèle.   My 19 year old son will only get his cut from Dusty and travels home from college for the great service and "advice" he gets from the boys at the Barbers at Blakeney!  They are a class act and I recommend them to every one far and wide.   I always leave the shop with a great cut and a few good yucks from the guys.     I sent a buddy of mine to Dusty (Steve K.) and after just two cuts he calls Dusty an Artist or "THE MAESTRO"!   Once you go there you will never switch barbers.. A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.. Really good fast food, but at a high price.

While on vacation, my sisters boyfriend was tasked with showing me some of the local eats, at least something that you can find during late hours. I haven't been to the Miracle Mile Shops, but essentially, it's a mall that includes night life and eating places.

After traveling towards the center of the place, you can find Lobster Me, located right next to a Fat Tuesday, if you want one of those big margarita drinks that everyone walks around with. The place itself is only a usual mall-foodcourt type of storefront, so it's a free-for-all on seating, which isn't much in the direct area. It might be hard to find seating, especially if you're with a group, because there are a lot of people bumbling around, especially at night.

There were a lot of things that I wanted to try on the menu, but there lies a small endeavor, everything is crazy expensive. I know that it's seafood, lobster to be specific, but it was a bit expensive in my opinion. Expect to spend around $8-15 for most stuff on the menu.

I had the Lobster & Chips (you know, fish and chips, but lobster). I also upgraded my fries to calamari fries. I originally was just aiming for the regular clam chowder fries as my only dish, but I had some leeway on my budget, so I spent a little more. The lobster nuggets were pretty good, and the cam chowder fries helped round off the meal. I've had calamari fries at other places, but this one is just as good.

Definitely worth a try, check it out, but I wouldn't come here that often, simply because of the price.. A nice hotel centrally located to everything I wanted to see and do. Check in was a breeze. The female at the counter was welcoming and efficient. She gave us the layout of the hotel so it made it easy to find our room after a long drive and kick up our feet.
Everything in our room looked new. From our carpet to the bedding to the TV's to even the tiles in the bathroom. Nothing looked outdated. Nice, clean and modern are some of the adjectives I would use to describe our room. Oh yeah. Free Wifi. Big points for that. No password to punch in. Great.
In the mornings, they served breakfast- scrambled eggs, sausage, home style potatoes, oatmeal, bagels, toast, fruit, coffee and juice (apple/orange). Which was a great perk in staying there. Completely helped keep the food bill down for a four day stay. 
They also had complimentary alcoholic beverages for the adults in the evening between certain times. Three per adult. Unfortunately, we were never around to enjoy this. Maybe next time.
They also had a gym and a pool. A very cool feature was the pool. They have a indoor and outdoor pool. The outdoor part being in closed by a gate so smaller kids couldn't just wander away.
The surrounding area of the hotel is very big. Plenty of room to walk Fido. The  hotel even has a poop dog station. Where you can get poop bags and dispose of them in a special trash receptacle. A plus for anyone traveling with dogs.
Drury Hotel on Pinnacle Peak Road is a wonderful hotel. I had a great stay here. The staff were nothing but friendly and professional. I would happily stay here again. They treat you right.. Sometimes you take that first bite out of a meal and it is amazing. Such was the case with the chicken at Bouchon. Chicken? OK, I'm not a huge fan of the bird, and rarely order it unless it's inside a tortilla and drenched in sauce. But I had to see what the fuss is about with well prepared roasted chicken at a French restaurant. So I targeted Bouchon as the place. Crispy, flavorful skin, moist meat, a real revelation as to how complicated this simple dish can be when prepared perfect. Served over a bed of mixed mushrooms and a few figs, this was delicious, and is the sole reason I give Bouchon 5 stars. So yummy.. 10,000 mile service (free)
In and out in less time than quoited
Very Polite service staff
No up sale pressure 
Nice waiting room(area) with TV 
Will see if the prices are reasonable when I go for the next service. Everything has been said about this place so I'll just say that the room was fantastic, the food was okay but Hakkasan was terrible (:. Very good service and the teeth cleaning was painless. The staff is all very nice and it was great to watch sportscenter while they cleaned my teeth.. as you are walking in the parking lot to chelsea's kitchen you begin to experience chelsea's kitchen.  the smell of wood burning.  the inside of the restaurant is definitely a wow factor.  fyi, the restrooms are nice too.  lol.

the service is top notch!  i feel very welcomed while eating here.

the food is the best.  the chicken nachos starter is amazing!  the cheslea's kitchen cheeseburger and green chile burger, and howie burger are the very best!  the ribeye steak, rotisserie chicken, pork roast wake up my taste buds.

c.k. is in my top 3.. Great service - great looking arrangements. I was just about to drive away because the front doors were locked, when the owner came back from getting a drink at a store in the same parking lot. Suggestion - leave a note on the window saying you will be back in 5 minutes. You almost  lost a sale because I was in the process of driving away when I saw you unlock the front door. Will definitely use again.. First time coming here, it has a very authentic Korean vibe. Right when you walk in my wife and I were greeted by the staff. However we weren't seated though. We sat at the booth. 

The food was delicious! We ordered spicy chicken mozzarella, bibimbap, and the garlic chicken wings.. We have lived in Phoenix for 10+ years and have driven by Bobby Q hundreds of times as we have driven down I-17.  Finally we stopped in yesterday and WOW!  The atmosphere, service (thanks Jo), and especially the food which was nothing less than phenomenal! My steak was better than any steak I've eaten at any major steak house. Ribs were incredible, and their sides are amazing. Great portion sizes, and you get a lot of food for their prices. The hard part was actually finding out how to get there from off I-17; the Dunlap exit is the key to success!  We cannot wait to return.. The Bikini during First Friday is a blast, hands down - probably the best place to hang out in Phoenix. A mish-mash of characters drink and chat merrily together without pretense...well, except for maybe the fake messengers outside track standing and riding in circles.

At any rate, the drinks are stiff, the music is loud, and the decor is simply awesome.  I only fault it for being on the far end of the monthly festivities which essentially necessitates a car ride.. The coffee tastes great! But I will give it the crew that works here. They can be 10 cars deep but they are SUPER fast! I go here every weekend at least once!

If you like the mints at the Olive Garden get a "Ninja Turtle". This place is awesome as long as you get there around lunch time. Their Teriyaki and Orange Chicken bowls are AWESOME. Just make sure you go early, as I think (based on 2 prior visits in the evening) that they grill a good amount of chicken and kinda store it until its gone that day. AWESOME food, but not the freshest at dinnertime.. You know it's a good sign when there are so many office groups lunching together. Even though they were really busy at high noon, we were seated quickly. Before my butt had settled in the booth, a basket of hot hush puppies with honey butter was brought to the table. They were a lot smaller than the average hush puppy, but wow were they good! Our orders were taken quickly by our friendly waitress.

A couple of minutes after ordering, my salt and pepper catfish filets arrived. I ordered French fries and cole slaw as my sides. The fish was flavorful and crispy, I was worried that they would be soggy. The fries were good too, the cole slaw was average. The glass of water was quenching. That is all.. Recently on a trip to Vegas, we decided to stop by here to check it out and ended up doing some gambling. Maybe I just had some better luck here but I managed to win a lot more at the slots here than just about anywhere else, more often too. The same goes for video poker, I won quite a bit there as well. I played probably 4 different slot machines and at least broke even on all but one. My luck with slots was way better here than just about anywhere else. 

The table staff are very friendly, and make for a fun environment. I played blackjack at three different tables, craps, and roulette, and every single dealer was exceptionally friendly and ran some fun tables where everyone felt comfortable. I noticed that many staff of other casinos are generally pretty quiet and don't exactly nurture an environment where people feel comfortable. This was definitely not the case with the Rio where I felt like I definitely am going to plan to come back to this place the next time I'm in Vegas. Despite all the other casinos on the strip we visited, this is the one I've been raving about to friends since I got back.

The people here mix some above average drinks, better than other table drinks at most places I'd say. My whiskey sours where great tasting (and had quite a kick to say the last). The waitresses are very friendly and attentive. Coolest thing ever, someone stops by with an iPad so you can see all the available options and not even 2 or 3 minutes later (without fail!) they bring you out your drink. I've found myself waiting for 10 minutes at some other casinos.

Moral of the story: If you want a great atmosphere, some great staff, and great drinks, this is the place to go. This casino was friendly and upscale, yet didn't have anything to prove like the other ones. It was comfortable and not too ostentatious. The people gambling there were also very friendly when compared to other casinos. I would highly recommend it for gambling if that's what you're here for. I can't really attest to the food as we didn't really eat anything substantial here, nor did we enjoy the nightlife or stay in the rooms. But if you want a great place to gamble, this is definitely it. I'll surely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.. A mix of families, dates, casual, and nicely dressed people.  Good food, priced a bit high, but to be expected in an area like this.   But mostly its about the ambiance.  A live, light-jazz band playing amid the balconies, flowering plants, multiple levels, and open-air environment.. I was so pissed off last night when i ordered a torta from fillibertos.  It was disgusting...all the carnitas was burnt to hell...etc...

i was so mad- that tonight I set out to find a delicious torta. I found Kissi...WOW.

That was the best torta I have ever had. I had the pierna...the bread was very fresh, the meat was soft and perfect...ordered everything on it and added pico de gayo. I am pretty consistent and when i find something i like i stick with it. This is now my torta place.

Oh and they were very nice...i have never seen a menu like that, they explained all the different stuff...never heard of "pastor" or "pierna", etc...

Awesome.. I love Costco. I have been to many stores and this is my favorite. The staff is amazing, the parking is convenient, the gas is lower than surrounding Costco's.  The store also has a great flow to it.
I only wish this location had a Costco carwash.. Solid 4.5 great lunch spot and amazing gyro.. Another great lunch at Ray's - 2 slices with drink for $4.00.  Crust was just right with golden brown edges, nice crisp on the bottom, moist & chewy in the middle, and topped with a tangy tomato and milky mozzarella cheese.  Crust has a lot of residual flour on the bottom, which is perfect for me (and preferable to cornmeal).

Staff are always friendly and the atomosphere has a NY-tribute theme going.  An older crowd was enjoying their slices at lunch today, which is perfectly fine with me.. Cool place!  Bacon martini gross! I would write more in detail if I could remember then such details... Sweet Wife scouts for a cool restaurant on Yelp and announces, "I want to go to Kotex".

*Record scratching*

"Whaat?"



There was only one waitress so she was pretty frantic but the tacos were amazing. Deliciously flavorful. And the torta was severed on a perfectly toasted bun. We got one taco in a lettuce wrap instead of a tortilla. That was a fresh, crispy little surprise. The nachos and burrito at the table next to us looked so good that I almost asked for a bite.

We've got a new must-go in Vegas.

Now what was the name again? Tampax? Always?. Julian serrano definitely deserves it's high reviews. I found the lobster gazpacho soup to be excellent with enough lobster meat to be noteworthy and the gazpacho to be puree style not my favorite style normally but worked well here. The gazpacho is very nicely spiced. I really enjoyed the mixed seafood ceviche, good amount of assorted fish and excellently spiced with well balanced mix of lime and cilantro and a nice kick to it. I was less enamored with the octopus and potatoes as i found it too greasy and just not noteworthy from a taste perspective. I am a real wine guy and while i am normally a red wine drinker i had to have white due to the fish dishes and i enjoyed the hondarrabi zuri ( by the glass) which is a nice crisp, refreshing wine with enough depth and structure to stand up o these tapas. After the gazpacho and 2 tapas i had room for dessert and a lot on the dessert menu appealed to me but i went with the santiago's cake which was decent but not great. I found it a bit heavy with no real compelling taste but did find the accompanying scoop of ice cream more noteworthy.. When I first discovered the Turkish Kitchen a couple of years ago, it didn't look anything particularly special from the outside. 

I find this is very common with the places serving the most authentic food. 

Recently the frontage has been spruced up, but thankfully the food remains at the same high standard.

As the name suggests, it's a real family affair & you feel like a guest at their house eating home-cooked food, lovingly prepared and representing the best Turkish cuisine has to offer. 

It is also priced to suit most people's pockets & I really hope it stays that way. 

I can't wait to visit again!. I met David VanZanten the director of the space earlier this week and was intrigued by the description of this place. It is awesome and the pictures are some I have never seen. This collection is incredible and I think both locals and visitors will enjoy the displays. It is free and self guided but you will leave with a sense of history of Vegas not many have seen. Give it a shot.. Nice little place tucked away in an alley. Just opened about a year ago and just started brewing beer 6 months ago. Looks like they are on the right track. Beer is good and their food is quality stuff. We had the sausage plate which was homemade sausage and mustards. Staff knows their beers and is very friendly. Hate to admit but im becoming a regular here! LOL! overall a nice casino! clean, plenty of machines and they even have a bingo room! not sure why they have a celebrity parking section on the second deck....have yet to spot any celebs! but i like it! close to home with good restaurants and a movie theater!. A Must see only at night.

The view from the top of the High Roller is great. The best place to see the lights of Vegas.. great place to strictly booze it up. 

show up at happy hour which is until 9pm, 7 days a week! (1/2 off drinks/$3 liters of domestics) 

or late night to hang with some hotties.

small patio. small dance floor. which is kinda a good thing.

they have a few small TVs playing sports and movie clips in between the good selection of music.

but just to drink theres nothing wrong here.. Hands down best sushi I've had in a long time.

Started with an O face -can't explain what it is but it's delicious.

The head some amazing Hamachi Belly.

Then had a flower blossom roll (which just blew my mind)

I'm from San Francisco and we have great sushi -but this place is in the top 5 for me.  

If you want off the strip for a little bit come here!!!. Had the Chicken fried steak after seeing so many reviews.  It was very good.  Next time I will have the biscuits and gravy.  The same gravy comes on both and boy IS IT GOOOOOD!  The service staff is friendly and the it did not take long to get our meals.  Good food at a good value.  Not much more you could as for.. I am an airshow pilot and based at Chandler.  I have been coming to the Hangar Cafe for nearly 20 years.  Great food, family fun, and airplanes.  What a great combo!. Finally had the bronzed catfish today with the gouda grits.  As expected, it was New Orleans in a bowl.  Fantastic dish, I liked it better than the shrimp.

Got the crab dip to start.  This is a fine version of a dip, nothing special.  My wife had the crabcakes.  You get 2 large cakes with the meal, but they are on a bed of greens.  This destroys the purpose, in our estimation, of getting that good crispy exterior, because the lettuce makes the bottoms of the cakes soggy.  Good flavor, a bit too citrusy for me in the sauce.. Delicious food. GENEROUS portion. Kind staff. Surprisingly comfortable. Pancakes are good, not great. Biscuits and gravy good, not great. Gravy needs some more flavor. Biscuit was good though. 

Overall, a good experience. Not great. Not bad either.. Sure, you can find places in Charlotte that have cook-to-order food along with a buffet (think Chen's Bistro or China One).  Unfortunately those places lack something - usually you can't communicate with the chef, or if you do, the chef mixes your order with someone else's, or you can't add the meat yourself.  Something is always missing.  Not at Dragon House.

Don't get me wrong - this isn't strictly Mongolian BBQ - but it's awfully close.  You get a buffet line dedicated solely to the BBQ line, with a number of veggies and lo mein.  You get chicken, beef, shrimp, (possibly imitation) crab and something that appeared to be a sort of seafood.  You get at least a half-dozen sauces.  Throw whatever you want in a bowl, put it in the queue, and come back a few minutes later and it'll be piping hot, ready for you to eat.  Sweet!

To make things even better, there are three lines of regular buffet fare to keep you busy while you wait, and a fourth line that holds a few sushi items and desserts - even a soft-serve ice cream machine.

The buffet food isn't the best I've had, but it's far from the worst.  You'll find bite-sized appetizers (the dumplings are good) and typical entrees too (the coconut shrimp was my favorite), but it's the BBQ that I enjoyed the most.  Since BD's shut down a few years ago, it's what I've been craving, and now it's back.  If you don't want the pressure, the buffet is quite decent, and the price isn't bad either.  Service is good, but beware that you might see a line at busy times of the day.. Ambiance and Atmosphere are A+, Food is excellent, Service needs a little work.  It's in the Bellagio so you expect a little upity and they sure do deliver.  If you look past the high class attitude of the staff you see true elegance and fine dining.

Our experience started off with a long wait due to a mix up with the reservation, good opportunity people watch and checkout the fountains.  They later made up for the botched reservations, but still annoying.  Very crowded for fall weekend night and the sure sign they over booked was the sight of the staff rolling out tables to setup mid evening.

Steaks are surely prime cut and the kitchen really knows their stuff.  Head waiter was a bit stuffy and kept disappearing on us.  Wife has the Rib Eye, nice and tender, cooked perfectly - rare warm center.  I went off in left field and ordered the Duck - must have been the cocktails that threw me off course (nice stiff drinks $$$).  Was expecting something different but after mulling it over a few days, came to the conclusion that it was a spectacular dish.  Hearty breast fillet that cut like a steak, cooked perfectly.  The almond crust was like candy and the red wine amaretto reduction was paired perfectly.

For the sides, the table shared the Truffle Mashed potatoes, Mac and Cheese, Roasted Mushrooms, Roasted Broccoli, and Crunchy Potatoes.  Mac and cheese seemed to be everyone's fav but it had too much depth (if there is such a thing) for me, if you like sharp cheese this one is for you.  The crunchy potatoes has a great name but in the end was just a deep fried baked potato.  The truffle mashed was nice and creamy.  The roasted vegetables were surprisingly good, the broccoli has some heat with the jalepenos.

All in all a good experience, will definitely order steak next time!. The Burgundy Lion is a well-known Montreal institution that I've never had the pleasure of going to. I opted for the fish'n'chips and ordered some pale ale. Both hit the spot real good... I was famished. The service was quick and efficient, considering we were a large group. I appreciated that! The noise level is pretty acceptable considering the number of people inside. 

I'd come again.. After cartel in Tempe this is one of my favorite coffee shops in Phoenix! The staff is great! And the owner is often there so quality is always at the top.  The only real problem with the place is it's so popular it's often very crowded, if you want to meet someone there make sure to show up early so that you will have a spot. Outlets are plentiful and it's a great place to get work done. The food is delicious (and if you don't like it pane bianco is next door) and the pastries are dangerously good. The coffee is excellent and roasted in house. They're also surprisingly affordable, except for the meals and alcohol which aren't cheap but Aren't too expensive either.. Had an amazing experience with the whole family.  My sister and brother in law came to Vegas from Japan and my parents and I came from Virginia.  We had been craving some Mexican food and El Dorado really delivered.  Not only was the service really great, we also had a chance to meet and acquaint ourselves with Executive Chef Paco.

The food was phenomenal.  We had the steak fajitas, the carnitas, and the carne asada burrito.   All the Margaritas were great ( I think we tried all the different flavors ).  My personal favorite was the Jalapeño flavored margarita.  For dessert, I highly recommend the flan.  According to Chef Paco, the flan's recipe is from his grandmother and you can really tell that the flan is a work of family love.

We had lunch and dinner there three times in the course of five days.  That's how much we enjoyed it.. Service, atmosphere and food excellent.
Nicole was the best!
We will be back!!. i LOVE the red rock. its so nice and its never really that crowded. there STANDARD rooms are nicer than some "upgraded" rooms on the strip. they have great dining choices, a ton of penny slots,  and even an IMAX theater. i have no prob driving the 30 minutes from south vegas over there rather than dealing with going to the strip and parking there. I was introduced to Prommares by a buddy who hadn't been there in 15 years. He says, "How about Thai food? I know a good place on Sahara. Haven't been there is a while, but it used to be good," Well, if it was as good 15 years ago as it is now, it's no surprise they are still around. 

We were seated promptly, with water and soup brought to the table almost immediately. I chose the Mongalian Beef with a spicy level of seven. Probably could have gone up a notch or two, but the forehead was sweating nonetheless. The food was hot and fresh and included an egg roll in addition to the soup. The beef was tender and lean with plenty of fresh vegetables and rice. The portion size with plentiful, especially for a lunch special, which will run you around eight bucks before you add a beverage. I was introduced to Larb beef as an appetizer, which was an interesting blend of ground meat and spices with lots of flavor. 

We rolled in just prior to the traditional lunch hour and it got busier the longer we were there.  Located on Sahara near Torrey Pines, it might not be real convenient depending upon where you are, but it is definitely worth a drive. Some of the best Thai food I've had in Vegas.. Wingettes was recommended in the Arizona Republic and my wife and I tried it tonight.  A quaint restaurant run by a family.  They are committed to the business and it shows by how they talk about their food.  We tried the regular Philly Cheese Steak sandwich and The Works sandwich.  First, this restaurant uses Cheese Whiz and that is the only cheese that should be on a Philly.  The meat was tasty and tender, the bread rolls were soft and just the right size...I think they fly the rolls in from Philadelphia.  The Works, although not a traditional cheese sandwich was delicious and the Regular was as near as I have ever had in Arizona to a Philadelphia Cheese Steak.  ( I have eaten Philly Cheese in Philly and this restaurant is right on the recipe.)  
I recommend Wingettes highly.  I will return and try their wings.  I will bring family to try their delicious food.  Great people, great food, reasonable price for a high quality sandwich.. Sweet Jesus there are a lot of women here.
Why is it you only find out about these places AFTER you're married?
Sorry, I digress.

Anyway, I was at Arcadia Farms for lunch today and my God was it ever heavenly.
I had a glass of wine; something I never drink, and the baked goat cheese appy; something I never eat.
I don't know what came over me. I must have been overwhelmed by all the eau de chick wafting through the air.  

I don't know what happens whenever I visit here but clearly, my nuts retreat like an Italian army commander each time, finding myself lost in an asexual drift for the hour or so I'm here.

The baby coconut cake is so moist, it reminded me of tres leche cake with whipped cream-coconut frosting. 

It's been almost sixteen hours.
Still waiting for my nuts to drop.
Men...you've been warned.. Huge fan of The Corner. Their menu is good (I love the turkey club sandwich with guacamole), the staff are super friendly, and it's in a great location. Perfect place to meet friends for lunch.. Do not expect to be overwhelmed with a beautiful atmosphere when you walk in Mi Familia Mexican Food Restaurant. Start thinking strip mall, Roberto's or Fredericko's with a Rocky Point type bar attached and you will not be disappointed! We went on a week night and had great service. Our server was very, very attentive and sweet. The food was outstanding! The portion size was very big (took 1/2 home) and had very good prices. Happy hour prices are great! We will definitely go back!. I am in a golf league through my work and play here about 20 times per year.  This isn't the nicest course around, but it gets the job done.  It is a relatively small executive course with mostly par 3's and 4's.  For the most part the course is very well taken care of.  Some of the holes are pretty challenging which is good.

Everybody in the pro shop is very friendly and helpful.  I pay $15 with a cart for 9 holes which I guess is pretty reasonable.  I'm not sure if that is the full rate because I am in a special league.

I'm not 100% sure but I think the driving range is free.  Before I tee off I usually grab a bucket, fill it with balls, and head to the range.  Everything is just laying there so I just take it.  I have no idea if I'm supposed to pay or not.. Scott Berger, the owner, is by far the most friendly passionate jeweler in town. I dare you to find a better man for the job.. Had lunch today around 2 pm. Plenty of parking available. Finally broke the code. Had my first Sweet Caroline chicken sandwich-delicious my new favorite. My wife had the fried chicken salad-food is always very good. Also very good cocktails at a reasonable price. Great job all the way around.. arrived close to closing: but he unlocked the door for fat ol' me.  
- ordered 1lb ahi poke, 1lb octapus poke, 2 frozen LauLau.  about $40-45.  

really enjoyed the ahi at home w/hot rice and nori - tako on the side.  Mixed tako with Siracha - awe! 

so, when you want quality fish, laulau, and little knick knacks, go.  GO!  GO!!!. I'm already 5 years post college, yet on my last trip down, I ended up here at 2am. Guess I'm just a sucker for this place. It closed during my last few years of college so I was really jealous when it opened back up.

I remember I went here once during the day and just thought....why am I eating this.... I would recommend going only after drinking, because you're really only coming here for the toppings and not the actual pizza part.

I really need to switch it up though, I always get the mac and cheese and then some form of meat pizza, chicken buffalo, meat lovers, etc. Though delicious, maybe i'm just missing out on the other choices. I'm sure I'll be back, and hopefully my drunken self decides to be a little adventurous, but who knows what he's thinking..... Went here yesterday afternoon.

Wow- what great burgers! and huge portions!

Service was not the best that's why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars- but the food was really good.

I had the hot rod and the wife had the gleason which she could not finish- I was happy to help! 

The burgers are probably twice the size of Five Guys ones. Don't get the gleason unless you are pretty hungry!

For the people who think it is overpriced/expensive- get real- this is a restaurant, not McDonalds. Just for fun I checked Jack Astors... they have burgers at $14 and shakes at $5. Uhh... that's the same price.

The only slight complaint I would have was the service was ok but not great- they had baby chairs but did not offer it even though I was holding a baby, so I went and got it myself, and  they could not substitute our kids ice cream for a small milkshake because they only have one size... so we got the shake anyhow... and boy am I glad we did... delicious! 

Definitely will be going back!. Great food, great service, and overall best Italian sub ever! I would recommend anyone trying these guys out!. Cool place. Big shots, cute waitress, and nice service. I don't smoke hookah, but my friends enjoyed theirs.. I love the loft. The vibe rocks. The owner is really nice and so are the bartenders.

When I lived in Charlotte, I would frequent this place every weekend. Now every time I go back, I make sure I make it there.

The drinks are tasty and they have really good beer selections. The outdoor patio is beautiful and showcases the Charlotte skyline.

The music can vary. I mostly like it when it's chill, lounge and/or house. They play hip hop on occasion and it's usually when they seem to bring a really good dj in.

If you like eclectic, funky, chill places, this is where to go.. For the price this is the creme de la creme of Chines Buffet's.  Okay, not because of it's asthetics ... but the food is always fresh.  They keep it loaded up.  The price is THE best.  

It's a smaller buffet, but with better quality.  And the price is low.  
Lastly --- the price is great --- the food tastes better!. The trail is amazing and I saw a bunch of petroglyphs and amazing desert with its natural wildlife! It was beautiful, definitely a must to see if you are an Arizonian or out of stater!!!. Beer snob heaven.  Selection of craft brews awesome.  Great casual atmosphere with no TV's - which is a nice change of pace!  Seating outside is great for those 3 1/2 months we can in Wisconsin.. Clean and to the point. No beating around the bush at an attempt to show u every product they offer. I got exactly what I wanted at a good price and enjoyed the customer service very much. Highly recomend going here!!. The reviews for this restaurant are correct, the food is excellent, portions are generous. No table service order from pictures and descriptions.  The table's were clean truly operated by people who are proud of what they produce.. Long lines form at 11pm when their graveyard specials start. Oxtail soup is really good. Eat at the bar, no wait if theres an open spot and a worker there, just take a seat to avoid the long line. I also like the prime rib special, ends @ 11pm, includes AYCE salad bar that has the veggies, crab salad, soy bean, and pickled radish or cucumber sushi, and an ice cream dessert. They have daily dinner specials which include local Hawaiian food, butter fish, lau lau, to name some. Don't recommend the steak and shrimp special, small, over priced, and not that tasty.

most of their meals already include the AYCE salad bar, so what i like to do is each many plates of the salad bar and take the rest home.. I think I arrived opening day.  They were still getting their bearings.  But all I had to do was bite into the bagel breakfast sandwich to forgive all indiscretions.  I had the one with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and pesto.  Very original and extremely tasty!  Staff was friendly and love that its a unique local place.  Very small space other than the seating outside.  Give it a try and bring your friends!  These types of great places need our support to keep our neighborhood special.

Another great thing about this place is that they took a sad old building, refurbished it and made it look great.  Gentrifying the neighborhood instead of building new (like a certain Z'Tejas is doing) is much more helpful at retaining the charm of the area.. I wasnt too sure if i wanted to eat here when i walked in.. No one was eating when i walked in so i checked yelp before entering...

Goodthing i decided to eat instead of going to yama. 
I honetly havent enjoyed AYCE till i tried theres.

First iwasnt too surewhat to order so i asked the chef if what he would recommend.. he asked me what i like.. so he made me a roll that isnt in the menu..

Also hands down to hostess their so nice..

I would def come back :D. The course provided was very thorough. The instructor definitely cared if you passed the course. 

I have taken my BLS/CPR card from a different location and felt like I didn't learn anything but had passed. I passed this course and obtained so much information and definitely feel I can perform the actions anytime when needed. 

I definitely recommend this course to anyone seeking this certification.. Wow wow wow. Must try this. We were very pleased with the food. The ower was very kind and nice. Try the beef curry and hot six chicken.. Street tacos...but inside!

Best tacos ever? Yeah I have to say so. They have every type of meat and style that I can think of. 

Ok, so the store is laid out in stations for different types of tacos/food. Start near the entrance furthest from the dining area and start loading up your tray with anything that looks good.

I recommend to get the mexican style street corn, a vampiro if you've never had one, and definitely the al pastor (pork on rotating spit) tacos. One of the guys there even gave me a slice of beef tongue (lengua) to try and it was awesome. I would probably get this on a taco or even a vampiro next time I go. 

The only downside is that the tacos tend to get pricey because you want so many. But it was worth it. Thanks to Suzanne O. for showing me this place!. 30+ Beers on Tap including exclusive Old Chicago brews!

40+ different Bottles from around the world to choose from!

4-7 and 10-2 Monday thru Friday HAPPY HOUR 

If you get the OC World Beer Tour Card for free, you get 1/2 price pizza on Thursdays... 6.50 burgers and fries on Monday... 

The deals are endless, let's just say that!! Not to mention Saturday night shot night, football season specials, every $100 spent is $10 off through the WBT card program too!

** For Beer Lovers ** 5/5. venizias is a good place to get that large slice of thin ny pizza .. always plenty of toppings and cheese and sauce ...  wings definitely tasty and cooked right... a fan and have been for awhile .... I haven't been here in a while, because we thought the quality of the food was going down.  But I was presently surprised when I can in for lunch.  The service was very friendly and my widow maker burger came out fast.  It was delicious and I will start coming back with my family.. One of my favorite places to fill up on gas.  Their prices maybe a little bit higher, but still worth it.  I trust their gasoline and it keeps my car running smooth.  This location is very convenient for me and it never is super busy that I can't get in and out in a hurry.  But its seems that all their pumps never seem to be operational at the same time.  There is always one or two pumps that seems to be out of service??. This place has good food, however, it's a bit over priced. I love their Chicken Pesto Sandwich. You have to try that sandwich! Their lemon bar dessert is not that good. It has a really weird after taste. But their cookies are a home run! They are big, soft and extremely tasty. I always get a cookie when I come here. The place is very clean and the staff is super friendly. The staff is always checking to see if everything is going well. Makes you feel good that they care about your experience.. Another great location. The service was friendly and fast. The place was also clean and well kept. This location has one of the better patio/outdoor seating areas I've encountered. Another plus is it's location at Boca Park, which in my opinion is one of the nicest areas in the city. Highly recommend.. I have been here a few times, first and foremost the service is always impeccable. Friendly, welcoming and they like to chat and have a joke.

Food is right up my street, combination of flavours from across the med done in a sharing style. Starters we all opted for the mezze, no less than 14 dishes appeared before us with breads as well - so tasty lots of flavours going on and very fresh tasting NOM NOM NOM.

For mains I went for a sea-bass dish that was spiced and served with a bean and sun dried tomato salad. Very very tasty!!!!! Fish was perfectly cooked, the spice added flavour while keeping the great taste of the fish, and the serving was huge. Very very happy JD!!

Desert was a tough one - in the end I opted for a scoop of raspberry sorbet and one of pistachio ice cream!! Should they go together you may well ask??? Many would say no....but I say say.....YES!!! The sorbet is packed full of taste but is possibly too tart so the pistachio adds a earthy richness that offsets it nicely between mouthfuls!!

Add to that a nice little wine list and these Aberdonian boys are doing the tastes of the middle east a huge boost!! Recommend happily!!

As for the last star - for the setting, for the style, for what it could be, I think they need to refine things a little more to hit that high note!. Did a groupon for this place (had never heard of it before) and initially apologized to my friend for bringing him to a club in a Clarion Hotel.  It actually ended up being a great time!  There were several comedians (beyond the opening and main act), including some last minute local acts.   I will definitely put another outing to this place on my schedule, with an even larger group of friends.. It's hearty comfort food. The service was decent. Been before will go again.. Ate breakfast today at the Grand Opening of the West Flamingo store with my wife we were told we were the second paying customers...some what of an honor.  The place is very roomy plenty of tables and booths, the decor is nice there are parasols of various colors hanging from the ceilings a very nice look.
The menu had numerous selections for breakfast, steaks, ham steaks, chicken fried steaks, rib eye steaks, omletes, traditional bacon and eggs.  We had the rib eye and eggs, comes with hash browns and toast however they have an item called "bread in the pot" it's a small hot cinnamon roll in a small cup with butter it was hot and delicious.  Our servings were nice large portions with 3 eggs.

My wife who is a coffee lover, said that their coffee was Outstanding.  They offer French Pressed Coffee too, somewhat of a nice different approach and they have a juice bar and all the juices are made right at the bar...the juice bar also makes smoothies to order.  

Breakfast is breakfast... there are numerous places to eat in this area, I would highly recommend try this one and compare to the others, this will be on the top of your list. The staff was very friendly and very attentive to our needs and well versed on all the items on the menu.

They also serve a lunch and have a very appealing lunch menu, I'm looking forward to trying it out.. Slots A Fun.  An excellent low rollers paradise!

We were in Vegas for my bachelor party over the weekend staying at the Riviera.  Right across the street is this little gem.  If low limits are your thing, then this is the place to be.

They use to be one of, if not the only, place on the strip that would still give actual coins when you would win.  They have now changed that to the ticket system which is nice.  It always use to smell like barf too.  That has changed also.  They basically redid the whole place and now its much much nicer. 

2 dollar Heineken and Coors Lights at the bar.  $1.00 minimum bet at the virtual blackjack table.  Lots of penny slots.  We spent most of our time here and had alot of fun.  Didnt lose too much money and got drunk as a skunk in the process.  Overall a fun place to chill if you have a large group of guys who like to drink and gamble a bit.. I bought a deal online for a detail from Pit Stop Auto Detailing.  I used it to have my wife's car detailed.  They did a fine job.  It was not over the top detailed, but it was better then what I would have got for the same money from a big car wash like Danny's.  I do think they were very busy with lots of cars to detail because of their online marketing campaign, and that might be why the car was not over the top.  All and all I do like this place and the owner was honest and passionate about his business.. I was in Montreal on vacation and visited this place on my last night.  It was the best bar I went to (out of about 10) during my 5 day trip.  Bottom line is that if you like cocktails, you'll love this place.  

Even if you're not into cocktails, the drinks here are so good, and so imaginative, I think you'll like this place anyway.  It should almost be a tourist attraction, and a top 10 one at that.  Check it out.  It's about a 10 block walk from the metro, so you may want to bike here.  

PS - I had about 4 drinks...they were all great, but the Jerky Jack Lab was really a standout.  BBQ, Jack Daniels and beef jerky - it's better than it sounds and that drink alone is worth the trip.. I can't speak to the other items but the sushi rolls are my favorite in Henderson.

I frequent Yummy about once a week and the rolls are always fresh and tasty.  Whenever i order takeout the sauces are always put on the side so that the rolls are not mushy and saturated by the time i get to my destination.

I definitely recomend eating here.. Crispy Duck Panang.  Had it consecutive times in Vegas.  The panang curry was so delicious, that we scoop up til the last drop.  This dish is a must every time I go here.
Tom Kha soup broth is the best tasting ever.  Too bad they use white chicken meat
Sea Bass was excellent too. Had it with drunken noodle, but it should be good with anything else.
Crispy garlic prawn was interesting and good, but a bit salty.  Must eat that with the cabbage that is served with it.. While driving all over Charlotte to buy things for my Halloween costume I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a shot. 

Walking in, it almost reminds me of a little high school cafeteria (my HS at least lol).
We were greeted by a very nice young lady who promptlytook our order.
(You order your meal at a small little counter while overlooking the grill/cooking area.)

We had an order of hummus w/ pita, chicken gyro with lemon oregano fries, and a greek salad w/ grilled chicken. Everything was delicious. I must say that I'm not a "seasoned" fry type of guy....in fact I HATE when fries have anything on them other than salt...and these fries were very good. 

This was my first time here but I was very happy with the entire experience. If your looking for a quick delicious bite to eat, this is the PERFECT alternative for a fast food joint/quick lunch place.. I really like this place. I used to getting my haircut at American Male for 60 bucks, but I've recently discovered this place since my work schedule changed and I'm forced to get my haircut on the weekends. American Male is also open on the weekends and I have nothing negative to say about them, but it's much more convenient for me to go location at the last minute instead of making an appointment like I have to do at American Male.

At great clips it's only about $15 for a man's haircut. Ive come to this location the last few haircuts that I've gotten and I've been fortunate enough to find a lady named Diana that does an extremely good job. Its obvious that she's been cutting hair for a long time and that she has a lot of experience. But most importantly, she's really friendly and you can tell that she really enjoys her job at great clips.

Unfortunately, in the near future I'll be moving to my new home and this location will be much further then I'm going to want to travel for haircut, but if there's another location near my new home I'll be certain to check it out.

Who knows, maybe I'll get lucky and Diana will move to a location closer to my area :D

I won't hold my breath though :/. Thank God for Toni and Guy, because quite frankly I was ready to go bald if I got one more bad haircut elsewhere.  

First off, its important to understand that this place is the academy, so your haircut will be done by a student.  Don't let that student tag scare you off, because before a student can see clients,  they must have had at least 6 months of classroom learning.  Also realize every student is different, so when you sign up you could get someone about to graduate.   Note, it's best to schedule an appointment because the place does fill up.  

If you are new to the service, don't worry about the hairstyling.  All cuts and colors are reviewed by a teacher.  For newer students expect the teacher to probably cut most of your hair, while older students will have almost pure autonomy.  Quick note, if you do not know what you want, just decide if you want a more typical hair cut or something more edgy.   

I don't know how long women's cuts take, but generally a men's cut will take the full 90 mins.  This includes shampooing, cutting and styling.  The place is really relaxed and is not really pushy with their products.  My only complaint is that the music can be so random that I don't know if I'm about to square dance or rave.  

The price and quality are unbeatable if you are willing to wait.  If you are expecting a 30 minute run through, this isn't your place.. Best music venue in Madison without a doubt.  No one else even compares.  Great setup, excellent staff, and cheap drinks to boot! Even during shows! And the talent that is brought in is wonderfully varied. Country, bluegrass, indie, occasional hip hop, stoner rock, metal, songwriters, reggae, Gomeroke. You name the genre and the High Noon will probably have a show for you that week.
I was just there for a sold out show a couple weeks ago and the place never felt claustrophobic.  There's plenty of room to mill about and enjoy the show in your own way and still be able to pretty easily see the stage. The only downside I saw was the doors not opening until immediately before the first band started. I was hoping to get a few more PBRs in me before then.. It's hard not to give Sakana five stars when the nigiri fish to rice ratio is so overwhelming that you could wrap the rice with the fish. Yes. That's how much fish they give you. Of course, this would mean nothing if the fish quality wasn't also very good. I realized last night that it's the perfect ratio. I enjoy sashimi, but I couldn't do all-you-can-eat without requesting a bowl of rice. At Sakana, I felt like I was eating a long cut of sashimi with a little bit of rice attached for good measure.

There are a couple things Sakana does that are a little different. First, they serve uni in basic nigiri format as opposed to gunkanmaki (I found that on wiki); in other words, they don't wrap it in nori. That's not a bad thing. Second, rather than give you a whole salmon kama, they serve it up as bite size portions. Not necessarily a bad thing but worth noting.

AYCE sushi dinners are usually a blur. Rather than try to list everything I remember enjoying, I'll just refer you to Tony T's photos. And of course, I cannot forget about dessert. They have the staples like mochi and tempura ice cream, but I decided to get the less common Green Tea Panna Cotta and the Black Sesame Blanc Manger. Both were a great way to cap the dinner.. I scream, you scream, we all scream for shakes and cones! If you are ever in the mood for ice cream in the Scottsdale area, you must try this place out! Don't be afraid of the word "organic" on the sign. After one lick you will wonder where this stuff has been your whole life. Great, staff, great owners and best of all great ice cream!. Unique, Elegant, Vast. You will not complete your visit on a day.. World of Coca-Cola is a very "cool" place. "Cool" in terms of temperature of course. On a hot summer day in the desert, there is nothing better then going there and cooling off with a drink. The World Sampler is really one of the best deals on the Strip. For $7.00, you get to try 20 different drinks from around the world. Some are really good and you will wish that they had them in the U.S., but there are some that may cause a spit-take. If you have a group of 4 or less, definitely only order one sampler though since the samples are big.. Zero complaints about this place. Uniquely presented, good selection, and prices "are expected", nice location and everything is fresh. The staff's service is rather informative, nice, and quick. I'd go back quite a few times during work.. This was a great cupcake emporium. Stopped there a few weeks ago and got a selection to share with the family. The red velvet and pumpkin cream cheese were outstanding. I agree with earlier review that they were better than Sprinkles.

Sadly, it appears Just Cupcakes is no longer. Their telephone number is no longer in service and when I stopped by the store today it looks like it has been gutted.. My family's favorite Mexican place in C-U, by far, since they were Mas Amigos at the old location on Springfield in Champaign. Bummed about the name change, but much of the food and staff is the same, and the new owner is quite visible and interested in hearing from his guests. I am absolutely addicted to the heaping bowls of delicious, hot, freshly-made-on-site tortilla chips that they deliver to your table as soon as you sit down. And the homemade salsa is amazing. Easily best chips & salsa in town, particularly compared to Dos & El Toro. And the food overall is excellent. We've never had a bad meal there. The green sauce that they make from scratch is amazing, and I pour it over everything on my plate. I finish every meal by pouring the salsa over the remaining beans and rice and shoveling it all down. Awesome. Great drink specials and atmosphere. It's not quite Mas, but Don Juan still holds my affection.. Ty was great!!! He was very knowledgeable and was fantastic on finding the correct bed for us!! Will definitely recommend to our friends.. Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor...
This is a good 5 star review :)
I have to make this review longer so there it is, a good review. And you're name mentioned 5x. I had dinner here twice, and both times I was favorably impressed. Thai Basil is on the eastern edge of the university. It's small, but comfortable. Service was excellent and the staff was friendly and responsive.

Dinner #1 was chicken satay skewers as an appetizer and chicken pad thai as the entree. The appetizer was very good, especially wiath a Sapporo beer (hard to find, in my experience.) I ordered the pad thai with medium spice and it was just right---my lips were burning a bit but the heat didn't overwhelm the flavors. The entree was huge---I got though only 2/3 of it and I was hungry.

Dinner #2 was lemon grass soup with chicken. Again, I ordered medium spice and it was just right for me. The soup was excellent, although I had to pick out pieces of lemon grass.

Overall, a good value and very good food. If I'm in the area I'll make a point of visiting.. Fourteen of us met for a late brunch at The Sparrow.
First the big news; Ethan one of the owners and his wife just had a beautiful baby grl who was present with her mother!
Second; they just got their liquor licence and the bar side is open.
Chocolate banana donuts were what I started with, and this was a mistake. They were delightful! But he mistake was in not waiting as they gave a few plates of them to our party at the end of our meal and they were comped.
I had rhe English Breakfast wch was a brilliant fry up with all the extras! I will mention that they have wild chanterelles on the menu right now as they are in season.
Service was much more than compentant! It was friendly and helpful.
The biggest delight for me was the price. With my brekkie, donut and 3 pots of tea, I got out for well under $20.00. I called Nick to to schedule a repair for and ipad2, He told me that it was a very busy work load because two members of his staff had called in sick.  nick told me that it might take up to 48 hours for the repair. I explained that it was for my son who uses it for his therapy and it was critical I get it back as soon as possible.  He was very helpful and accommodating.  The job was done with in a couple of hours and it looked great. 

I normally do not write reviews, but I took the time today because of the great experience I had. Not only was the job done very well he was very friendly and helpful.  

The same Ipad has been repaired at least 3 times before, my experience with other repair shops has gotten progressively worse.  I never take the time to talk badly about the other shops but I think it's important to praise a business owners that values customer service.. I have never been here before until a few days ago.  I came here based on a really good Groupon offer and it had pretty good ratings on Yelp.  I knew it was a hole in the wall, but I was surprised by the location.  The restaurant looks awfully small from the outside, but it has a very "modern" and neoclassical look on the inside.  On the outside, I would not take a date here, but on the inside I would!

I went with a friend and we decided we wanted to make the most out of our Groupon, so we got cerviche as an appetizer.  I love the tangy and lime taste from cerviche, and this dish did not disappoint.  I was looking at the menu, and chips and salsa is $2.  I think that is the only negative, but cerviche and chips was good enough for me.  We got chicken burritos with red and green sauce on the side.  It was absolutely delicious.  A major winner for me was the usage of clean white chicken.  

The service staff was incredibly friendly and helpful during our visit.  I will definitely make another trip out here in the near future.. Best Indian food in Las Vegas in my opinion. However I have only eaten at 4 total. If there is a better one please let me know, but this India Palace is legit! 

I really love everything on the menu but my favorites are  the chicken vindaloo, tiki masala, lamb samosa, raita, garlic naan bread, tandoori chicken.. Mango Lassi is a must also!

You aren't going to get the most incredible service here but the place is clean and has a very nice classy atmosphere.  It's all about the food here.. Just got my elbow zapped here for the third time and I'm getting great results. They have fair prices and a great staff. My only advise is ice the area well before going because it hurts and that's about the only thing that will help with the pain. On the positive side they are fast.. Spectacular. Bold flavors. Unique experience. Definetly not forgettable. Tried it for the first time last week and going again tomorrow. 

The best 2lbs of hot and juicy shrimp of my life. A must in Vegas !. Went to Grill 109 for Dinner, This is a hidden GEM in this city. I want to say this is the best food in town now. The Chef is amazing the food he makes are works of art. I can't believe the food that comes our of that little place.. The area is pretty sketchy, but the burger was great.

There were tons of interesting menu items and I wish I could try each one, but I went with the standard cheese burger.  Of course I had to get it "Rocket" style though.  The burger plus an order of fries could have easily been a challenge on Man vs. Food.  With that said I couldn't finish the fries and burger which is a rarity for me.  For about ten bucks it was a pretty good value and well worth it.  The burger was well seasoned, cooked perfectly and wasn't greasy.  The bun held up great so I didn't make a mess of my shirt as is almost always the case when I have a burger.

I will definitely return because the Eddie Lopez burger has my name all over it!. I have been a fan of Ruth's Chris forever, but I must say our experience at BLT Steak  last Friday equaled or exceeded any steakhouse meal we have had before.  The popovers you get before the meal are wonderful, but resist the temptation to eat all of them as then you will either leave a lot of food behind or take a lot home.  The steaks we ordered (filet for my wife, bone-in rib eye for me) both were perfectly cooked with a nice outside char.  The various sauces available also are a nice touch.  What helps this place stand out however are all the great appetizers--we had German potato balls and poached green beans and both were wonderful.  Desserts too, were excellent.  It seems that Scottsdale supports an immense number of high end steakhouses, but if they are all this good, I can see why!. I brought in a couple of watches that just needed some links taken out of them and just general upkeep. 
These guys were professional, quick and reasonably priced. They clearly know what they are doing. The shop is small but it's clean and comfortable. I had no problem waiting the 45 minutes that I did while they finished up.. This happened at around 2:30 pm on New Year's Eve,  I have to say that my visit to this awesome restaurant was marred by watching one of its outside line girls accept a bribe.  What happened that the couple behind us learned together with us that the line was around one hour long.  The person behind us offered her ( and I could not see how much he gave her) some money.  She accepted and they cut to the front of the line and were whisked into the restaurant.  I know this goes on in a lot of places but I had not expected BurGR to have these types of employees.  I don't even expect anyone from this restaurant read this but I hope they do and take appropriate action.

Oh and we had the awesome Hells Kitchen burger and the truffle cheddar fries.

Enjoy this place!. Awesome experience! Best food you'll find in the city of Gilbert. Nice staff, great wine selection. Relaxed atmosphere; you can literally sit and drink wine as long as you want. Also, cheap corkage fee (only ten dollars). So, grab your soul mate, grab a delicious bottle of wine off of the shelf and enjoy an amazing night/afternoon into night at this amazing venue!. Warning, this review may be biased because I ate here right after a big day with a workout and massage at Canyon Ranch Spa.  
We immediately got a table.  They had a tuna and salmon dish with two selections of each.  All four were delicious.  The fish was fresh and the preparation was different with a flair.  
As Arnold says, I will be back.. First time trying this place and it was great! I work right near by so will have to make this a regular spot. Good for breakfast or lunch.

Not open for dinner but great food for two of the three is not too bad. Super quick service, easy menu. The matcha latte is amazing! Also ordered a scone and it was not as dry as others, which I liked. They serve almond milk which is also a plus because I don't drink cow milk. Drive thru made it super convenient. 

I think the most important thing to add is that my drink was hot, but not so hot to where I couldn't enjoy it immediately. I hate having to wait 10 minutes for my coffee to cool before I drink it.. This is probably one of the best bang for buck buffets in vegas. I always stop by here for dinner everytime I come to vegas. I seriously ate so much one time that I had to run into their nice bathroom and...

but anyways the line's pretty much a 45min wait on holidays and maybe just 20-30 on regular days. The first place I hit up is the seafood corner just to stock up on crab legs and sashimi, which btw are very fresh. Then I head over to the meats and poultry. Lamb and sirloin are super juicy and are something you'd find at a steakhouse quality wise. Then I head over to the pastas and finally the desserts.

Service is pretty proficient and quick, and the setting isn't really themed or anything like other vegas buffets, but still very nice. I'd recommend this place to anyone as one of the best all you can eats in vegas!. I can't really give a in depth review. I only had a few drinks here. I can say the beer is ice cold and it was clean. They have a stock market drink menu. I think it was wicked cool. The prices go up and down based off of what people are buying. And from what I understand it is tied to other bars across the city who use it.. You want authentic Filipino food, this is the place. Delicious food, and the price is right.. I reside in the Ballantyne area and D'Vine Wine Cafe is more than one of my favorite restaurants, it's become my sanctuary! Since moving to Charlotte 3 years ago, the owner and staff have made me feel like family and I've gotten to break bread and consume fine wine with some really great people in the area. I feel like "Norm" from Cheers and that's a very special feeling to become a "regular" at the local watering hole where everyone know your name :-)

D'Vine has an incredible wine selection and a unique case of the month offer each month at affordable prices. The Saturday wine tastings are great and you'll learn something new about wines every time you go. For the full education course, sign up for one of D'Vine Wine's wine pairing and education dinners. These events are always sold out and are an experience that will keep you hungry for knowledge and good food. The Chef's new menu is mouth watering and satisfying, including the desserts. The restaurant offers a variety of live music each week which is always a nice touch and attracts a wide range of customers. As a musician, I love the local bands and solo talents that frequently come through. Maybe one day I'll get the nerve to play a set :-)

So if you're a looking for the best wine in the area and a five-star dining experience, then D'Vine Wine Cafe is your next destination. Located on the second floor of the main complex at Ballantyne Village, D'Vine a great place to spend with friends, family or just to clear your mind after a long day. See you there!. Delicious food. Fast service and the fried bread pudding was amazing. Service was awesome. Chicken Caesar pita was very tasty. 

Would recommend anyone who like pitas or gyros to give this spot a shot.. Excellent service cant be taught. Received some of the best customer service since I've been in Vegas. Jake is a super nice guy and looks like he enjoys what he does! I'm not from the area but the next time I'm here,I'll be sure to stop by here. And the burger.......OH LAWD!!! Absolute delicious! Burger was well cooked and still juicy! Fries were pretty good as well. And the shakes!!!! Wheeeeeeeww!! As said by Terry Crews in The Longest Yard, "I got the shakes that'll make you quake!!!". No joke, these shakes are another reason to visit here lol. Everyone should try at least once....or twice...ok 3 times!!
Get yo smash on!!. La Casa Blanca isn't one of those restaurant chains that seems the same.

They have great food, excellent service and a really nice atmosphere. The patio is awesome to relax & dine in. We'd recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a great restaurant experience.

Robert Pfeifer. Best sushi I had in the States so far. 

we had:
- Sea Urchin Appetizers - if you like urchin, go for it. Best I had for a while.
- Sake Aburi and Toro Aburi - seared salmond and tuna. 
- Super Deluxe Sushi Dinner set (x2) - there was more food that i expected. We end up packing some home. Some of the super deluxe highlights are Uni, Scallop, Fish egg and Sweet shrimp. These 4 are about ~$20 if you get them separately, but with the Super Deluxe Sushi (A La Carte), you also have a roll, 3 tuna sushi, eel, 1 other fish, and shrimp sushi. With dinner set, you also get fried chicken (x3) , salad (it was good), and soup.

It is a bit pricey. It comes to ~$100 for 2.  So i think it should be $$$ instead of $$. But i will be back.

(I was here before for a Deluxe Sushi Dinner. It wasn't quite enough for me that time. (Male, 28). The $9 upgrade to Super Deluxe is certainly worth it.). A Hidden Gem-
Read a couple of Yelp reviews and decided that Tills was what I was looking for-a quiet place with no casino to relax, have a few beers, grab a burger and watch a football game. Winner winner chicken dinner. Apps were great, had the absolute best burger ever.... Blue cheese bringer, cooked perfect with crispy edges and terrific fries. The servers, Katie and Candice, were awesome and we enjoyed ourselves so much went back the next night again. This time had filled mahi mahi, was awesome, stop by this place, you will have a good meal, a great time and will not break the bank.. Came here for a quick bite to eat the other day. Restaurant is set in Boca Park of Summerlin. When I walked in, I immediately noticed the place was packed and buzzing with energy. Our hostess was friendly, and walked me over to my group that was already seated. We ordered a small pizza, and it was PLENTY for three people. The pizza was fantastic! Although the price was a little high for my wallet, I would definitely return to try more off the menu.. Highly recommended.  I had lunch at Canaletto in the Venetian Grand Canal Shops.  I would definitely go there again.  It was good food at a modest price ($20).  If you want more detail, see below.

Food
The SANT ERASMO Risotto (fresh shrimp, crab and baby artichoke) was excellent and a pretty good deal at $19.  There was lots of shrimp (12-15) and they sprinkled a good amount of crab on top.  The size of the serving was average - just enough to fill you up.  The risotto was cooked just right and it had a lot of flavor.  I would give it an 8.5 out of 10.  I'm from Los Angeles, but I've had a hard time finding good risotto.  

I only had a bite of the RISOTTO FILANTE (Risotto of tomatoes, arugula, onions, garlic, Grana Padano and fresh mozzarella), but I preferred my risotto to it.  The Filante was tomato based and I preferred the more delicate Erasmo.  I would give it a 6.5 out of 10.

The Tiramisu was only ok.  It had a strong coffee taste, rather than a chocolate flavor.  That wasn't to my personal liking.  It was light and fluffy and the crème was very good.  I would give it a 5 out of 10 - just average.  I would probably skip it and try something else or go elsewhere for desert.  

Scene
The restaurant is located in the piazza area (Grand Canal shops) of the hotel.  Since I ate there during lunch, they have live performers (singers, lady imitating a statue) that do their routine about 50 feet away.  It's a pretty cool scene.  

The waitress was attentive and friendly, but there weren't many people in the restaurant.

Overall - Highly recommended.  A good choice for the price range.. Eating dinner at the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant was one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation.  The dinner prices were extremely affordable (especially considering the location and the pricing of other nearby restaurants) and the food was excellent.  Each couple in our group had to pay $100, but this included 2 bottles of wine (approximately $64).  You can't really get much better bang for the buck on the Las Vegas strip.  I will say that the Sea Scallops were perfectly cooked and my mouth is watering just thinking of it.  The escargot was also very tasty (although I am admittedly not an expert on that particular appetizer).  And of course, as you will see from other reviews, the views from the patio (where we ate) are spectacular.  Not only do you get amazing views of the Bellagio fountains, but you also get spectacular views of the heart of the Vegas strip.  This would be an ideal place to bring a date or loved one, as the location is about as romantic as it gets.  It was a tad bit cold at night when we went, but the outside heaters helped a little (although if you sit near the street you will be outside the range of the heaters).  The one slight downside is that it did take a while for our food to come to our table, although to be fair they were jam packed.  Highly recommended and I would definitely go back again on my next trip to Vegas!. This place is the real deal when it comes to authentic  fish and chips. The owners Mark and Ruth are wonderful.  If you come on the weekends they have all you can eat fish and chips for about $12.95..  the atmosphere  is casual dining with a built in bar attached. Try the scotch eggs as an appetizer. .so good. They also have a mini store featuring  English  goods.. Went to this place tonight at about 930, even though the sign was off theyh still let me in. This place is great! The foot massage was out of this world. I have been to a lot of massage places and this one was extremely relaxing and they were very accommodating. I absolutely recommend! You can't beat the price!. Love this place. Had to travel to the one in far North Phoenix. Glad there is one minutes from my place. Very convenient. Sushi is good but because it's on a conveyer belt, you should know what you want. Everything is simplified and the location is great. I'll be dropping by a few times. It's about time Central Phoenix has a place like this. Try the Inari and Maguro Sashimi. The building is not that great but the ambiance is great, especially when you have other sushi lovers around you. The only bad thing I would say is, I wish they would appeal to higher end people and adults. When I went, there were way too many children but maybe because it was a Chinese Buffet before? I don't know. Give this place a try. The manager was really nice and I hope this place does well. It's definitely a first in this area.. Best Pho in Las Vegas, since I crave PHO especially when you come from the Bay Area. I got to have my pho fix. This place fills the bill. I like the fact it is open 24/7 since people like myself fly in late to Vegas.. I had to go here to get a physical done it was fast and the staff was super professional and helpful especially the lady helping me get checked out Natalie wonderful!!. Had breakfast here a few times. Very good selection. Also many lunch specials. Everything is around $10-$15, but portions are big and tasty. Service is fast. Good place to go in Dorval.. Got the Bleu Cheese Burger to go based on a Yelp review.  Burger was really good and the Tots were pretty delicious.  Will be going back again. Great pizza, hate how people are always negative and never want resolve an issue that they had while a visit. Quit trying to kill small businesses.. This Is a Gay clothing optional resort type hotel it is clean and simple on the outside a lovely on the inside.
the owners are as nice as they get always helpful and accommodating.
it very affordable great hot tub and pool area my room as do all the rooms have full kitchen and its just a great way to spend a week or a weekend in a great private safe atmosphere.
no hanky panky on the grounds or seedy out door scenes but lots of hot men to meet. I was worried that it was not very well located but then again everything in Phoenix is spread out so rent a car or drive your own Lots of good place to eat and the local talent is not to be missed. have fun and thanks royal villa. I agree with all the positive comments but I would like to add that even as tourists they made us feel welcome. Not all small, local pubs have made us feel this way. Fantastic whisky selection. Cheers!. It's a neat little used bookstore. They have a wide variety of new and old books. Along with video games, music and magazines. The staff is quite friendly and made it a point to greet me. Their prices are fair but I can find some of these items cheaper at similar business nearby. If you need to kill some time or are looking for an antique book, head on down to this location.. Needed flowers quickly and found Four Seasons on Yelp. Called them at 11am and picked up a pretty large bouquet at 2pm the same day with no issues.  Flowers were what I expected and the two ladies working were very friendly.  Not sure if they are expensive or cheap since I do not order flowers often but I would certainly say they are reasonably priced.  Wouldn't hesitate to use them again.. Sweet Tomatoes is an awesome salad bar!  Everything is fresh and rotated constantly so food isn't left out to bake like typical buffets!  Their soups are very good and are constantly changing which is nice.  Their blue cheese and ranch are to die for!  Their staff is courteous and attentive, they know how to do customer service the right way!. The last time I was here must have been an off day (my previous review gave this place one star) My appt was at 9am I was home by 9:30. The receptionist was very nice as well as the Doctor. I was in and out so fast. I've been going to this doctor since I was a kid and I'll continue to go.. We are blessed to live within walking distance of Gelato Dolce Vita. They do have some great gelato selections, and the owners are very warm and friendly people.

One of the hidden secrets of this place is that (being from Italy) they make amazing Cappuccino and Espresso (far better and less pricey than a certain well known chain) and getting your caffeine fix there is a great way to support local home grown businesses.. Been here multiple times over the past several years. Just left after treating my aunt and uncle to lunch. Great bar food and surprisingly good seafood. Got all of us drunk and full for under $100. Can't beat that.. Great CrossFit gym! I was visiting Phoenix for business and spent my one night in town at Wildfire. I had such a great experience. I  recommend this gym to anyone interested in trying CrossFit or who is looking for a new gym. Wildfire CrossFit has talented coaches and really friendly and welcoming athletes. A lot of gyms talk about the importance of their "community" but I believe that Wildfire has created a special space for great people who like having fun while working hard.  

Thanks for letting me drop in Skip!  And thanks to everyone else for making me feel so at home.. We like it. An easy pick up after work. people are friendly. Ranch dressing on the Picasso salad is great. We like the spaghetti and meatballs.. This small downtown cafe had delicious coffee, reasonable prices, and irresistible, homemade parfaits. I just wish their shop was a little bit bigger to cater for the amount of traffic they receive, so that they could put more seating in for customers. Great morning spot with a fun vibe though!. Awesome fish n chips and it stood up to some places we ate at in San Diego.  If you want some greasy fish and chips look no further!. I love this place and so does my dog. The employees and owner are wonderful people... Super friendly and caring. And you can tell they are very knowledgable about their four-legged guests. I've never had an issue scheduling a time to drop off or pick up. A great find!. Great paninis at Mia Zas, I enjoy how you select your food there on their sheets. It makes your meal very customizable.

The atmosphere is good, sitting upstairs is great too. I knocked it 1 star for price, could be a little more affordable. Other than that, I was very satisfied.. Damn, I wasn't expecting an overtly touristy poolside cafe in the Cosmo to have one of the best brunches I've ever had...but there you go.  Surprises happen.

When I wandered in on a Friday morning, I was surprised at how bustling it was.  The place is light and bright, with orange walls and vintage photos all over the place.  Thankfully, the place is also quite large, and the tables turn over quickly, so I didn't have to wait for a place to sit.

Ordering was a no-brainer -- Overlook Grill touts its red velvet waffle, and that's exactly what I had.  And it lives up to the hype.  It's one of the best waffles I've ever had, red velvet-style or otherwise.  It was light and crispy, with a perfectly crisped exterior.  Oodles of fresh strawberries and whipped cream cheese gave it just the right amount of decadence, without making it heavy.

I washed down the waffle with a glass of "carrotine" juice -- a cold-pressed mix of carrots, apples, pineapple, ginger, and a few other things.  It tasted fabulous, and was a nice and healthy alternative to the typical mimosa.

Service was friendly and prompt the entire time I was there.  At no point did I ever feel rushed, and the staff were happy to make smalltalk and offer suggestions about restaurants to explore on the Strip, both at the Cosmo and elsewhere.  It's always nice to be a first-timer, but feel like a regular.

With those kind of positive vibes, there's no doubt I'll be back to Overlook Grill.. Being from Cali, and had the oppertunity to watch movies at the premier sites. Of course this place does'nt match up to them! But for being a local theater, that offers Tues. and Thurs. specials! I have no problem with this place. I usally come here during the week days late to watch a movie with the family to stay away from the kids who would rather talk then watch a movie. The D box is ok to try once, but I will not be using again.. I've been several times and have not been disappointed yet. The food is typical tex mex but really good! I typically get one of the crazy big burritos and my wife gets one of the chicken dishes (Aroz Something or other I'd butcher spelling).. First time here.  Great margaritas!  Servers very friendly.  Had Sammy's Tequila Shrimp -- spicy and delicious.  GreenGo burrito good, too.  Highly recommend.  Reasonably priced for Vegas.  Ask for Ryan.. Perfect place, amazing steaks, great atmosphere - fun, loud. Great wait staff. I could eat there everyday. Pricey but worth it!. Sure, it will clog your arteries and increase the diabetic population, but you only live once, right?!?!

We ended up at this place because we were trying to get to the other location near Main Street, but the GPS took us for a twist.

As soon as we got there, we were hooked.  In the entryway, they had Bloody Mary's that you could purchase and drink while you waited for your table.  The place was packed, but a VERY GOOD bloody mary while you wait makes the line a heck of a lot shorter!

Once we got in, I ordered the Pistachio Mocha and she ordered the Smores Latte--both delicious and exactly what we were looking for.  The mocha was iced and very sweet--just the way I like it.  The flavor was good and the chocolate didn't drown out the pistachio--I don't think I could have asked for anything better!  The latte was hot and slightly less sweet--just the way she likes it.

For the meal we ordered the veggie skillet thing (mushrooms, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, potatoes, spinach).  I can't remember what it was called, but it was by far the healthiest thing on the menu.  The portion size was large and it was great to see them load up the veggies and not just inundate the skillet with potatoes like other places tend to do to cut on costs.

As a second dish, we ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  I have had chicken and waffles, but this was by far the best I have had.  First off, the chicken was deboned--which means you just cut into it and eat--no need to chomp through cartilage or cut around bones to get to the meat.  Second, the batter wasn't too thick or excessive and complemented the chicken perfectly.  Third, the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY--probably brine-soaked before they deep fried it because it was plump, juicy, and pretty much just a perfect piece of chicken.  Lastly, the waffle was cooked well, and right in the middle of each piece of waffle was a few slices of bacon, which was an awesome surprise to an already great meal.

In the end, there was no room for dessert, but by that time, I was sold on this place and can't wait to get back here to eat again!

Happy Eating!. Spicy ass thai food
Not careful of heat level
Ends with spicy ass. the atmosphere was very cool, western with lots of big screen tv's & 2 bars. the place was kinda dead for halloween night. the server was very nice and fast. the fries were great-crispy & flavorful. the hamburger was juicy and very tasty. the turkey melt was very spicy with loads of turkey. the beef dip was huge with lots of very good roast beef but not alot of au jus for dipping. overall it was very good i would recommend it. next time we will have to dine in when we are not in such a hurry. Wife and I recently made a commitment to get a sitter and have date nights.  We don't need the bar and dance club scene so we decided dinner and stand up comedy would be out thing 

So we've been to Stand Up maybe 4 times in the last month and while the headliners have been hit or miss a few have been outstanding and it's great to support a local business. 

The one constant and reason we go back is Howard Hughes.  He just cracks us up every time.   He's one of those comedic talents that just has funny inhabit his DNA.. A coffee shop experience. The staff is genuine & they bring the drink to you. Lots of comfy seating, free wifi, books, games, art, and football on occasion. Great place to relax or get some work done.. Love the food here! They need to get a bigger location and I would go more often.. Awesome sweets! I have always liked their sign out front (Skinny People Are Easier To Kidnap). I purchased both cake pops and a cup cakes. The cupcake was amazing. Salted Caramel Chocolate cupcake was delicious. The cake was moist and the icing was just the right contrast of salty and sweet.. I was having a problem with my Imac and connecting via ethernet. I live near Apple Stores. They have an electronic circus type atmosphere. The people you speak with at the Genius Bar aren't necessarily the people who work on your equipment. All that is missing is their Mickey Mouse ears. Then I discovered MacMedia, a seriously run efficient business offering equipment and service, both carry in or on site. What a pleasure to do business with. They are approved by Apple and honor Apple Care. I can't say enough good things about dealing with this Company.. First, read Rod U's review and take his comment about cost to heart.  This is NOT the place to go if you want to get your basic sushi, tempura and teriyaki bento boxes. You can get that for less money elsewhere in Vegas and it'll be pretty good.  barMASA is the place to get out of your comfort zone and try things you haven't tried before, or tried elsewhere and didn't like.  Because if it isn't good at barMASA it probably just isn't for you.

Case in point: uni (sea urchin).  I've tried this at many Japanese restaurants, and universally, it made me gag.  Literally.  That is, until I had the uni at barMASA.  At barMASA the uni is creamy, tasty, and delicious.  My only explanation is because the ingredients are really fresh and well prepared.   A lot of the other items on the menu gave me similar experiences.  "Toro" in a lot of restaurants suspiciously tastes just like regular tuna, but here it's rich and delicious.  Octopus is often chewy and kind of tasteless, but here the hibachi octopus is perfectly cooked, tender, and tasty (they put some kind of sauce on it that is really delicious).

We tried a number of other items, and the only one that I wasn't really impressed with was the yellowtail collar.  It was good, but was basically roasted fish.

The service was good, but a bit confusing.  We had three different people come up to us and tell us they would be serving us; we weren't really sure which one was our waiter or whether they all were.  But they took good care of us and gave us very good recommendations on food and sake.  We were having trouble picking a bottle of sake and they poured us a bunch of shots to try several bottles. 

Overall, the food is very good.  But it is very expensive, and if you're coming just for sushi, sashimi, and tempura, you're better off going elsewhere.. Cool hip intresting spot. This is their new location. Have been coming here for years. Great food atmosphere nice selection of beer and appetizers. Good crowd in an interesting neighborhood in the Phoenix area. Wow! Right next to my hotel in Scottsdale. This place only has maybe 10 tables inside with some outside seating. The waiter recommended the Pasta Giuseppe. He was right! Penne pasta with I think is a vodka sauce with meat and sausage. I've never tasted sauce like this! It was awesome! A little spicy so I didn't need to add crushed pepper. I just added a little parmesan out of habit but it didn't need it. The sauce was not red. It was orange with small size pieces of meat. I wish I could eat it all! Yum! :-) 
       As MacArthur said, "I'll be back". While I usually obtain my fruits and vegetables from Costco,  while I was on this side of town today,  I  decided to check out this little spot that I have been passing for years.  I found their selection a bit slight,  but naturally attributed that to the fact that it's mid January.  Their plants areas were plentiful, unfortunately,  townhouse living does not avail many options for gardens or much outside planting.  What I did pick up I was most please with and it made a great evening smoothie.  I'll have to stop back is when more seasonal thing are abound,  like strawberries and peaches... So my review and score are based on several factors. I give high score for the tremendous beer selection. Not just the bottles but the huge draft list with all kinds of great beers. No junk here. Also give high scores for the food we had. Just burgers and chili. Not fancy by any means but decent. Chili wasn't pretty but had a good spice that many places don't have. Usually when I order a cup of chili it is bland and runny. This was very thick, to the point of almost looking dried out but not. Also had a nice amount of spice, no hot sauce needed.  The burger was a thick patty, didn't come out medium as each of us ordered but not bad. The fries were gross however and small serving. 
Now on to the staff. The young lady that served us and offered me some suggestions on draft was very nice. The young guy was not so nice. Acted as though we were a bother when he had to take our order. Couldn't have been more apathetic if he tried. My review would have been much different if we had to deal with him more than than just ordering. He probably shouldn't be dealing with the customers. I don't know, perhaps he was having a bad day but still.. We ordered our Wedding Cake from Chef Flemming for an in-suite wedding in a hotel on the strip.  It was fantastic!  We provided him with a design that we liked, and he nalied it.  In addition, the cake was delicious.  We had a 3 tier cake for 60 people.  We chose 2 different types of cake/filling/icing flavors (1 for the bottom tier, 1 for the top two tiers).  The cake was delivered on time, and it looked fantastic.  Everyone was blown away by the pefect Las Vegas wedding design.  As if all of those things weren't enough, the price was amazing.  We compared the price with a couple of other options in Las Vegas, and Chef Fleming came in at less than half of those other options.  If you need someone to create a cake for you in Vegas, don't hesitate to call Chef Flemming.. There are plenty of unusual flavors here. They welcome you to taste lots of them. While not all are 'hits', there surely are some winners to be had. The guy that runs the place is very informative with his descriptions of how they make the different flavors. Interesting part of town.. Came here on a Friday night and sat at the bar.  I decided to create my own burger.  Naturesource patty on a pretzel bun with chopped jalapeno, american cheese, caramelized onion, jalapeno bacon, chipotle aioli and button mushrooms.  Total price came to $1million dollars.  It was well worth it though, the burger was outstanding.  Definitely one of the better restaurants in Mandalay.. A friend and I were headed for the disaster at the Cabaret On The Square, and stopped for dinner at Las Velas before the show.  We had a few hours to kill and decided on trying some new Mexican place.  

Maybe it was great company, but Las Velas did not disappoint.  Hugo, the over-gelled but otherwise very nice and kind of hot waiter (seriously...in da burgh, what DOES it mean when a waiter keeps winking at you? I think it simply means tip hard) was very nice and helpful.

We ordered the poblano dip, an iced tea (since Pepsi products are served) and my friend had a water.  Then for the main course, I ordered the steak burrito, and my friend the quesadillas.

It was slightly pricey for Mexican food, but what else would we expect for Market Square?

The Poblano dip was a little runny, but VERY tasty.  The chips were a little over-puffed, which made them frail in the dip, but they were adequate and tasty.

The steak burrito was large and stuffed, and not only was the steak tasty, but the sauces were 'real' and very flavorful. The sauce wasn't the standard 'red' sauce, but it was real veggie and spice enhanced.   It had zing and flavor.  I LIKE hot.  And no, to me, the standard Pittsburgh version of 'hot' doesn't cut it. A Jalapeno to me is NOT hot.  An Habanero IS. And when they asked if I wanted hot or mild, and I asked for hot, it came hot.

The burrito came with guacamole, sour cream, and some pico de gallo, which added to the flavor.

My friend devoured her quesadilla, which came with rice and refried beans, so fast that I thought I'd blinked and missed something.

The bill, with an appetizer, two entrees and one beverage, was around $40.  

The atmosphere was very pleasant...heck, we even had one hell of a show as the Occupy Pittsburgh crowd of 20 made their way through Market Square...with six police cars blocking traffic and four local 'media' vans setting up for the five minute span of activity that took place, including one local 'creative' type who wore a pup tent and danced around mindlessly.

All in all, Las Velas was a very nice place to go for a flavorful Mexican meal, with decent service, and the added bonus of a hot Latino waiter winking, who was delightful to watch 'walk away'.

For the budget minded, I might recommend Mexico City a few blocks away, but Las Velas is a little better in the atmosphere department, slightly higher in the flavor department, with only a slight hike in the price department. 

Give them a try.. FINALLY! An awesome down-low beer drinkin' watering hole that is cool as the ice rink itself. I needed a place to watch Bruins/Canadiens game 7 and this place is right near work convenient location. Not a bunch of rednecks or gang members, the clientele was upper 20's to 40's and 'normal'. It has an unusual two-level layout, the lower area where I was you overlook the ice rink and pucks come flying into the boards once in awhile to wake you up. It was fun - and I was surprised to see such a huge and sophisticated beer list. But of course its hockey, beer loving Canadians come here so maybe not so unusual. Not a food place so eat dinner first, but to cool your heals in central Phoenix its my new place.. Every time I go to Alamo, they call you by name, do a quality job and are very friendly.  This is the only place to go because of the excellent service.  You can tell this family owned business works hard at what they do.  I have left valuables in my car and they are always there when I return.. Sweet potato hash is fantastic!  The tofu scramble has a bit of a spicy kick and is a great option for vegans.  In fact, their veg dishes are just plain good. Service is very friendly and their cheesecake is very creamy and delicious.. You wouldn't know it by the outside of the building. The outside of it had me worried but then I walked inside. A quaint establishment with a great ambiance. Great for a date! I had the ribeye sandwich with fries my girlfriend had Escargot and kish which she loved. My food was good nothing amazing but good. I would recommend this place especially if a guy is looking to take a date she will love the place!. This place is so good. We have been going for years and have never been disappointed. The service is always good and the portions generous.
 I love the dinner entrees, and we are all working our way through the menu. Recommended to all.. If you love Wisconsin, you will love the Old Fashioned.  If you love happy hour, you will never leave the Old Fashioned.. Well what can say, Smashburger, you have been able to make a normal hamburger spectacular. I love the create your own option so I can decide what I want for day. My only complaint is that I always order Ranch to be put on burger and yet you fail every time to put it on. You have no issues with the Ketchup or Mustard but for some reason you chose to ignore the added request. Other than that I enjoy the food and will continue to come back and back again.. I had been here one other time before this last time and I know why I went back. We were seated right away on a Saturday night at 8pm and there were four in out party. We got an awesome table outside with a great view of the strip. The sushi was very fresh and they have a great selection of sake. For being Vegas I was really surprised how cheap our meal was. I can't wait to eat here again next time I am in Vegas!. I have driven past this place many times and I was curious to see what it was all about.  It is a fantastic all you can eat hot pot restaurant.

As an you can eat hot pot restaurant, you basically cook your own food in a pot in the middle of your table.  The pot was divided into two sections, regular broth and spicy broth.  You go to a large cooler that has different meats, vegetables, udon noodles, and fresh seafood such as crab legs, clams, and oysters.  There is also an appetizer bar with selected Asian delicacies.

You plate what you want and go back to the table and cook it! This is a great place for 2-4 people who want to mingle for hours and hours while munching for hours!  The price will keep me from being a regular but I will definitely come here for special occasions!  Overall a great experience, I am a fan!. Great selection. Great prices. Only place I can go in the valley and feel like I'm not getting ripped off. The store usually has most new releases.. Cheap place, in all the best ways you can read cheap.  Cheap beer, not good beer, but not bad, and not even slightly expensive ($2 drafts).  AMAZING BBQ that won't break the bank, the pulled pork and brisket are both well worth trying! Two people in, couple beers, couple 1/2 pound sandwiches of amazing bbq, and out the door for $16?  VERY worthwhile.

Ambiance?  Not really any, it's a BBQ joint, that caters to a college crowd.  They do that about right, so it's great for a single guy to pop in for beers and food, but not a place to take a date if you want to impress her, (unless she's impressed with good food and cheap beer, in that case, she's a keeper ;-).

For what it is, it's 4 stars!  

If you expect always be clean tables and elegant staff, then, you just don't understand BBQ joints, and you have no business rating this place anyway!

And if you complain it's "greasy" or "sloppy" and gave it a low rating, you have no business rating a BBQ joint.

For quality of meat, 5 stars.  For "what a guy expects" at a BBQ joint in terms of staff, meat, beer, prices, TOTALLY 5 stars.

But, every time I've been, it was cheap buns.  Amazing meat, cheap beer, on cold soggy buns that might as well have been wunderbread.  So, that's a fail.  Given how good everything else was, I am only going down to 4 stars.  But if they got some decent fresh buns in, it has potential to be the best BBQ joint in the whole Phoenix metro area.  Fresh cooked soft rich buns that are on par with the meat, it would be perfect.  But putting that stuff on cheap buns... sorry, you probably should loose 2 stars, not just one.

But for cheep beer and good food, in this location (Mill Ave.) known for  middle of the road prices and middle of the road food, The Beach Pit is better food and cheaper prices than the rest.  So, I am NOT subtracting points for an occasional sticky table and the lack of waitresses in bikinis... it's a dive with good food and cheap beer, and a 4 star for what it does.  With better buns, and a slightly better beer selection, this would be 5 star amazing.. This is, I'd say, the third-best Irish pub in Vegas, not to say that it's not at all a great place to dine, drink, and have a bit of craic (which, incidentally, is the Irish word for fun, enjoyment, and fellowship). The only places I found that beat it out are Rí Rá in the Mandalay Bay and McMullan's, a free-standing joint near the Orleans Hotel & Casino a bit west of the strip on Tropicana.
The interior of the place is capacious but doesn't feel cavernous, as there's an upper level and a lower level to keep things cozy. The decor is Irish, a bit on the fancier side, with bars upstairs and downstairs full of knick-knacks just like you'd find in pubs on the other side of the Pond. The tables feature benches, different kinds of chairs, and several of the ones upstairs are in little nooks so you can have a bit of privacy if you desire. All of this is quite authentic; pubs in Ireland feel quite a bit like this (although most of them are smaller).
The food is superb. My favorite is the Shepherd's Pie, which is a mixture of ground beef, onions, and culinary magic topped with mashed potatoes, baked in a steel lunch pail like a shepherd would actually use. The beef is perfectly cooked, the potatoes are perfectly browned on top, and digging into the hearty portion makes you wish you could chase woolly animals around a field to burn some of the calories off once again.
The desserts are great; I'm always a fan of bread pudding, and this place delivers. They probably have cheesecake, too, being that they're in the New York New York and somehow, cheesecake is a staple of any restaurant professing any sort of connection with the Empire State, but since you're looking to dine in an Irish restaurant, I recommend that you forego it for the bread pudding. You can have a more authentic experience with your Irish pub atmosphere and you can thank me later.
The service is great; usually it was just my fiance and I eating together, so we'd sit at the bar and revel in the friendly face-to-face interactions with the bartender, but the table service is also nice and friendly so you can't go wrong there. Ask your server for what their favorite dish is, as well; you really can't go wrong with anything they serve, and you should definitely find out what other options are instead of just going with my recommendation of the Shepherd's Pie. The sandwiches, for example, are also fantastic.
Finally, the beer! They've good beer, including Guinness and Harp and Smithwick's (pronounced Smithicks for the uninitiated; just drop the W), and they're poured in good portions for good prices. So sit back, relax, have a pint of the dark (or light) stuff with your meal. And enjoy the craic!. The portions are French small, but this little corner cafe serves the best french fries sauces ever. The truffle ketchup tastes as good as it sounds like it should cost. 

The dates could use more collard greens, but maybe that's the black in me. Everything here tastes fresh. 

My fiancé hated the decadent ginger liqueur but Ioved the bread pudding seen below.. Still a solid 4-stars. 

+ The table chips and salsas are consistently delicious. The chips: paper thin, light, not terribly salty. The salsas: flavorful with great texture/consistency.

+ Servers are ON THEIR GAME with drink refills

+ Fajita salad - one of the best salads around, in my humble opinion. I skip the cheese and the dressing (use salsa instead) and am never disappointed.


Note: I hadn't been here in a while; looks like they've drastically updated the menu (all for the better).. A great place to stay on the strip.  A  junior suite is perfect for two people.  The small kitchenette is stocked with glasses, mugs, plates, and bowls.  If you want to cut down on costs, buy some staples at the ABC Store in the Miracle Mile (attached to the Planet Hollywood casino) or, if you have a car, drive to a super market.  You have everything you need in the room to make breakfast and lunch if you desire.  There is nothing better than relaxing in the room's hot tub with wine you bought yourself that did not cost $10+/glass.

The prices are reasonable for a suite.  We got a deal through Southwest airlines that was comparable to other packages at much older casinos that were not suites.  But keep in mind that the advertised cost does not include a $22/day resort fee that will be tacked on to your final bill.  That is supposed to cover things like the in-room coffee, bottled water, wi-fi internet, etc.  I don't know how that compares to other hotels on The Strip, but it seems expensive to me.

The pool is nice.  It is smaller and doesn't have a lot of frills.  Just a rectangular pool with lounges and cocktail service.  Keep in mind that you have to pay extra for the areas with umbrellas that are right in front of the pool.  While the hotel is nice, charging for poolside lounges just gave off that "we are gouging you" vibe.  If you want a more energetic pool area you can go to the MGM Grand's pool area which offers DJ-mixed music.

Finally, be prepared to walk if you do not have a car.  It takes 15-20 minutes to walk from the Signature towers to the front door of the MGM Grand.  Or, if you take the back route, about 15 minutes to get to the strip out in front of the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.  These resort/casinos are huge and it will just take a while to traverse their properties.  So if you plan on staying at the Signature but plan on venturing out to other resorts on the Strip, bring some good walking shoes.. Great atmosphere and very good food. If your on state street give them a try. You will enjoy.. These guys are the best. Got a text when they were on the way and showed up right on time. Said it would take 5 hours, it took closer to 7, but thats ONLY cause my car was a wreck and he worked his butt off! Super impressed, looks brand now, cant express how good of a job they did. Highly reccommend, cant go wrong with Sin City Mobile detailing. Oh yea, the price was one of the best parts! 175$ for a full detail, over 7 hours long!! I would have spent twice that. Thanks again.. I will most definitely be going back to this neat little spot.  I actually feel bad that they don't have a better location for themselves as I think they would do well in a more retail oriented area.  Regardless, they have a interesting menu (I had their Sonoran Dog which was tasty) and friendly owners/staff, and a nice establishment inside and in the front (the back area where there is parking is a little rough).. I am not a sushi expert by any means - much of my experience comes from Krab sushi found on many buffets in the area.  And then there are places with things on their sushi that I am not really sure that I would like to eat if I knew what was on the plate, so it is not often that we go out seeking sushi.

But Osaka is a bit different - while they do have a focus on sushi, and it seems most go for the sushi, they also have other dishes (mostly noodles and hibachi items that you would find at your standard Japanese steakhouse).  In fact, they are one of the few places around town that will serve up udon, and unlike the soy-saturated udon noodles at E in concord (which are tasty), these are glass-like noodles that are completely different but well worth the trip.

When it comes to sushi, you can order a number of items, and I will not pretend to know what is what.  I will say that if you start ordering, prepare to be bombarded.  Our first trip, we ordered a couple of rolls, some noodles and some rice and we ended up with plate after plate - almost too much to fit on the table.  It seems that the more you order, the more you get.  Not just what you order, but complimentary tasting dishes as well.

Staff here is friendly and efficient, so feel free to ask them about the dishes.  In fact, you might need to do go out of your way to do so - it seems that they are flying around so quickly they may forget you.  Your food will come out, but if you need anything else (like a drink refill or to add something on), it can be a challenge to get their attention.  Other than that, they are quite a strip mall find.  Well worth the trip, even if you are not in the area.. Came here on a business meeting.  Yes that's what I said Beer and business are a great combination. Just ordered appetizers but the service was really good. Will come back and try the food. Place was busy for Happy Hour.. Pizza Bianco has the best wood fired pizzas.  The wise guy and bianco verde are a great combo.  Make sure to add mushrooms to the wise guy for a taste sensation.. I've been a Four Peaks drinker for some time and stopped by their North Scottsdale location for kegs, but have never stayed to eat and have never been to the Tempe location.

We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to enjoy some of their famed Pumpkin Porter and some tasty food.  We realized upon walking up that we had chosen a game-day.  This proved a challenge in securing a table(s) large enough for our group, but inevitably added to the ambiance and experience.  The beer was as good as ever and the food was quite a surprise (more than the mediocre bar fare we had expected).  The service was good, especially considering the large crowd that had amassed in preparation for the upcoming game.  In fact, a line was forming along the sidewalk just to find a place to sit.

The food was great, but the star continues to be the beer.  I think I'll have to go back and get a brewery tour.. I had an awesome rootbeer...no really.  The turkey cobb sandwhich was annihilated and the string fries were polished off.  The place was brand new when I went.  It was all good. I plan on going again soon.. Decided to try a new place since sephoria is closed now and we got the honey toast, pistachio latte, and a couple of macaroons. Probably the best macaroons we've had here they are soft on the outside and not too strong on the inside. Best macaroons to date. The pistachio latte was really good had the authentic pistachio flavor but still the sweet taste too. The honey toast was simple and good but eat it sparing the pieces with honey on it because it's so thick the bottom portion ends up being pretty boring. Good but a little bit pricey for how simple the stuff is.. Best Thai food ever! I eat here when ever I want Thai.. My Cadillac Escalade wheels were shaking so much on the road I didn't know what to do... I thought I might need new wheels so I went into WC Motoring to get some.

I was greeted by a guy named Mike, presumably the owner of WC Motoring. He was very kind, said "Lets check it out," and had my SUV taken to the back.

Instead of pushing me into a new set of wheels, even though thats what I thought I came to WC Motoring for, he informed me that it was just my balance and rotation that was off. Less than an hour later everything was fixed and my Escalade was riding smooth again.

There is nothing better than honestly, and it's rare to find these days. I'll definitely be back here when I need a new set of 24 inch rims and tires for sure! I would recommend.. After reading all of the great reviews about this place, we had to check it out for ourselves.  We were not disappointed!  

This place didn't look like much from the outside but inside was full of character.  The dining room was small and cozy.  The food was fresh, the presentation was very nice, and our waiter was great and had outstanding knowledge of the menu items.  They had a nice cocktail menu as well.  

The bar has been set pretty high by all of these excellent reviews but this place certainly lived up to the hype for us.. I was in two major accidents with my Honda Accord before I had my third accident where my car was totaled.  Both times I brought my car to Falconi's.  The first time someone rear-ended me and I needed a new rear bumper.  The second time I rear-ended someone on the freeway and I needed much more work done.  Both times my car came back looking like I was never in an accident.  I have no idea how their pricing compares with other auto shops because I've never been to another one -- I saw a billboard saying they do Honda repair and so I went with them.  Also, my insurance covered it, and Falconi's had no problem working with them.

The only reason they're not getting 5 stars is due to an incident when I first brought my car in there.  I had a book of all my player's cards, and apparently I had left my PayPal debit card and another credit card in there.  Someone in their shop got a hold of that card and charged up some stuff.  I was covered in the end, but it was an ordeal.  When I picked up my car, I talked to the manager and told her, and she said she suspected it was a guy they had just let go.  Unfortunately, the police did nothing other than take a report, even though I told them Falconi's knew who stole the cards.  It was my bad for leaving it in my car, but you'd think your personal belongings are safe when you bring your car in for a major repair like that.  I never had a problem like this the second time I brought my car in, and only went back due to the fantastic job they did.. The people who run this place are very friendly and the lemonade I had was really tasty. The place has a great ambiance. I plan on going back.. In my opinion, this is one of the most underrated buffets in Vegas. It isn't Bacchanal, or the buffets at Wynn, Bellagio, or Paris, but it doesn't try to be.

The selection of food is pretty wide, and the quality is consistently good. Their desserts, in particular, stand out; between the ice cream, cookies, gelato, cupcakes, etc, it's tough to go wrong. Plus, at $25 or so per person for dinner, it's pretty affordable (about half the price of Bacchanal, for example!).

You can do better if you're willing to pay more, but if you want a no-frills buffet that won't break the bank, Flavors does the trick.. Thanksgiving must be coming up soon, because I am feeling thankful for Moishe's $25 late-bird (is that a term?) special. 

Looking at their regular prices, just for steak, I cringe. The special is, forgive the pun, more than palatable. I had the petit filet mignon, and it was cooked perfectly. One of the best steaks I have eaten, for sure. With the appetizer, pickles, cole slaw, and tea at the end, you can't go wrong for the price. 

I just wish their regular dishes were more reasonable, dollar-wise. For now, I'll be the Moishe's night owl. 

Hoooo!. The best hotel in Vegas so far. Everything about this hotel is a 5 star.
I stayed at the corner suite and holy shit, what a view!! The suite came with a spacious living room, seprate bedroom and a spacious bathroom. All three rooms came with flat screen tv's. 
Service was good and parking was not far from the hotel.. Unable to visit the much-hyped (and farther away) Burgatory, our party heeded a friend's recommendation to visit this more conveniently located, burger-focused eatery for Sunday lunch. We had tried to go the night prior, but the wait for four was 1.5 hours (!). Fortunately, the wait for our party of 7 was a more reasonable 30 minutes, but the bar was mostly empty so we chose to dine there immediately. I can't really speak to the normal, table-based service, but our bartender was quite gregarious and affable. She provided great menu suggestions and even helped us make plans for later in the evening.

BRGR has a fairly solid tap and bottle list, with only a draft line or two dedicated to common swill and the rest to quality, craft brews. The food didn't quite match expectations but still hit the spot. My bison burger was overcooked past the requisite medium rare and seemed to lack the promised crunchy onion straws, but was nonetheless tasty with smoky chipotle aioli, tender mushrooms, and sharp cheddar. In contrast, my companion's "Fire in the Hole" arrived at a perfect medium rare and was quite delicious. 

Ditto on another friend's short rib "Button Buster," which leads one to believe the kitchen possesses more skill with cooking beef than the menu's more exotic offerings. The quality of the patties (both bison and beef) shone in the burgers. Vegetarian friends enjoyed their veggie burgers, which boasted a falafel patty rather than the de rigueur fake meat/mixed vegetable variety.

Sides were exemplary, especially the wholesome, crispy-creamy-zesty Cajun tater tots. It's unfortunate you have to pay extra for fries/tots/onion rings but that's the way this joint does things, I guess. At least the side portions are big enough to share. I couldn't taste what was "spiked" about BRGR's coffee milkshake, but it nonetheless was tasty and a good example of dairy craft. BRGR can be a little pricey and the waits can be surprisingly long (no reservations and a 1.5 hour wait for 4 on Saturday night), but if the burger craving strikes this place's creations will undoubtedly hit the spot.. Is it weird that my favorite taqueria is in Las Vegas?  This place is awesome, and when I say awesome I mean life changingly awesome.  

The meats here are delicious and watching the cooks work their stations here is nothing short of impressive.  They are so freakin' fast! The food is really why you are here, and it doesn't disappoint.

The lengua is tasty, moist, and super tender. The al pastor is well seasoned and not too dry. The cabeza is delicious as well, give it a try. 

The carne asada is really where it's at though. Unlike most taquerias, they actually grill the carne asada here. It has char!  It's not just steak on a hot top here.  It makes a huge difference.  Want to kick up the carne asada? Get the carne asada fries.  The fries are crisp and are the perfect complement to the savory goodness of the carne asada. Don't forget the real guacamole on top as well!

Oh yeah, did I mention the sauces? I have no idea what a lot of them are, but man, do they make the meats sing!!!  

Everything is good here, even the marinated veggies that come on the side of the plate.  
I am glad that this place is so far away from home, because if it wasn't, I'd have to buy bigger clothes!. BYOB, tasty Italian dishes, wood fired thin crust pizza......all those make me happy and the way they are done at Piccolo Forno makes me a very happy girl! The atmosphere in there makes me feel very cozy and comfy  with all the exposed brick, open kitchen & watching all those pretty luscious smelling pizzas come whizzing by is pretty fun, too. 

Knowing there is a possibility of a wait, we've always hit Piccolo Forno a bit early and gotten seated immediately. Hope I haven't just sabotaged myself!

I learned in Italy that I should always order the spaghetti with shrimp and mussels (in Italy I got clams, too). I was definitely not disappointed doing this here! Although you may have to treat your shirt for red sauce stains, but if you brought red wine you might have that even if you ordered white sauce.

On another occasion we've also split the fennel salad (very tasty) and the Quattro Stagioni pizza with 4 separate ingredient sections with artichokes (also an Italian staple, yum!), prosciutto, mushrooms and roasted red peppers. This pizza was amazing. We ordered this same pizza at Pi Coal Fired and  Piccolo Forno blew it away!

We're looking forward to working our way through the rest of the menu here - with a great bottle of wine of course!. I have had the occasion to eat at Harper's Southpark several times in my life. It was good but not over the top, gotta get me to my YELP account good. Yesterday we had lunch at the Carolina Place Mall location and it was a Get to My Yelp Account visit. 

To start, you gotta love the smokey smell as you walk in. It sets the mood for a comfy well cooked meal. This can backfire for a biz if the food doesn't live up to the ambiance set up by the smell. NO probs there!

We were seated immediately as it was just at the beginning of lunch and lots of folks were still in church. Our waitress (I wish I had thought to get her name) was there quickly and was super friendly and helpful. 

I got the Streetside taco's, 2 brisket and one chicken. (Not a fan of fish taco's but they also were available) They came on 6 inch flour tortilla's and were packed! I seriously enjoyed the chicken one and the brisket one's were close behind. Even my not being a slaw guy, they had the slaw, brisket and cheese and the contrast in flavors and textures made me giggly! I, as always, ordered jlapeno's and hot sauce, to compliment them and it was delightful. I got a loaded baked tater for a side and was PACKED full by the end of the meal. 

My wife decided on the 6 cheese penne pasta. I scouted the room while we were looking at the menu's and it looked delish. To the point, it was! I could only see the slight lack of salt as a minor prob, but that is easily remedied. I got several forkfuls because, like the taco's it was a serious portion of food.

My little girl got the chicken fingers and had to fight off the roaming fingers of her old man who ws trying his best to get a second bite. Light and crispy so you could really taste the chicken but enjoy the flavor of the herby coating. We were shocked when our waitress told us that a lot of families send them back because their kids are happier with a McD's style nugget! WRONG!! BAD PARENTS!!!! My son was so taken with them , he ordered a kids size chicken fingers to go along with his adult sized buttered penne pasta (which BTW, had some serious fresh ground and flaked parm cheese on it, I thought his head would burst!)

I do have one con to report but it is not a deal breaker for me, just a pet peeve I have about food delivery. Harper's (at least this location) is not a tray place.  That is to say that the food (ours and every table's food) was delivered by hand by the servers and runners. This can be a nice touch but as a restaurant gets busier during shift, the availability of help gets thinner. We got to see servers carrying several plates at a time and having to base the plate closest to their body against their body. Several of the lady servers had the plates jacked up under their boob for stability. Now I am all for boob food, but maybe in a more  intimate setting! I find nothing wrong with a server bringing a tray to the table for service. I did notice that drinks could be trayed but during our meal, no food on trays. Just a note, really and I wanted to say boob-food!

We will go back when we are in the area.. I highly recommend Arturo the Plumber. He is very knowledgeable, Courteous, Honest and Fast. I called him for a broken pipe that leaked water in my kitchen. He was at my house the same day. His prices are very reasonable. I will definitely call Arturo for any other plumbing issues. As an added bonus, if you need any other type of work done (e.g. drywall or electrical) he has a plethora of friends with different types of expertise that he recommends. Arturo, Thank you for the great job you did at my home!. Best breakfast in the strip. Diner is spotless and filled with cheerful staff. A must try!. Just used the tree service. Had them clean up a palm and another tree did a great job! Palm looks awesome! Mike was professional and quick to follow up with. Highly recommend. Crew was polite and did their work quickly. Thanks Guys!. I love it here!! Boot Camp, CrossFit, and Ninja Warrior Obstacles!!! Never be bored working out!!! Even when you conquer one obstacle there is always another that you haven't done yet!!. Would give it 5 if service was immediately stellar. For some reason no one paid attention to us for almost 15 minutes. 

After that, PERFECT! Great food and service. Go try it.. McCarran is just like any other airport, except there's slots in there!  Need that last gambling tick over with before leaving Vegas?  Hit the slots!  

McCarran has comfy seats, clean bathrooms, and a few restaurants to choose from.

Note: The TSA line is like not back and forth like most airports.  Also, this one has a TSA dog that walks next to everyone.. My wife and I make it a point to visit MGM every trip to Vegasl and were probably going to stay there until South Point emailed us 35% off room rates. This is a huge hotel/casino, I think it's the biggest in the world, but I could be wrong. We had to drive here and parked in the garage, it was about a 20 minute walk to get in the casino area. My wife and our friend stopped off to get their big drinks in the lower level before we hit the casino. My wife LOVES the Sigma Derby game they have there. She played it for hours while I sat in the Sports Book in a comfy chair drinking and watching the Sox play. It can't get much better than that, folks!. A staple of Tempe, all beef char grilled dogs to their finest.  This place is classic out of Buffalo, NY.  This place has been here forever and isn't going anywhere soon.  The secret? natural skin casings.  Grab yourself a loganberry drink and an all-beef and treat yourself, you deserve it.. Just moved to the area and found this fun place! I received the "manly mani" from Brit! She was amazing and took great care of me. The place is very clean and well managed. Found out they do eyelash extensions for a Very reasonable price. I will be sending my wife in & ill be back! Thanks ladies.. First time visitor. I had the 2-meat plate with bbq pork and beef brisket. I got the side of fries and an order of the pork belly beans. The meat was moist and tender. Delicious. The fries were hot and good. The pork belly beans were the star of the plate. Wow! I would go back just for those beans! The decor is typical, strip mall bbq joint. But they do have a sweet lineup of sports on several strategically placed TVs. The plastic tray, cups and utensils detract from the food quality because, well, to me they look low-end. But, I get it, it's bbq in a strip mall restaurant. The price for my lunch felt high at $18 including a $2 bottle of water. I'd go back to try a sandwich and those delicious pork belly beans again.. Another visit, this time solo after work. I arrived at 5 on a Thursday eve and it was nearly empty. Scottsdale is a late-night town, so no worries here. 

I was given water and menus right away. The hostess announced that it was happy hour, so I was 'coerced' into a beer. 

Sam approached me shortly later and offered to explain the menu. I wasn't very hungry so I ordered the Chopped Salad and the Chia Seed Seared Ahi Tuna. 

My salad arrived in 5 minutes. The salad I've had numerous times and there are dozens of reviews about it so I'll focus on the Ahi. 

It arrived shortly after my salad bowl was cleared. It was presented with micro greens, fried leeks and an asparagus gastric. The Ahi was seated nicely and was a good portion. Pretty good but not great. I was pining for the fondues that surrounded me. 

Sam was genuinely happy to greet all his guests and made me feel like an important part of the clientele. Very good customer skills.. I just had to upgrade my review because I've been finding myself coming here more and more. They have garnered a trifecta of awesome from me.

They have THE best croissants that I have ever had in my life. They are both fluffy and crispy, due to their three-day fermentation process (hey, it works for beer, so why not pastry?) and 27 layers of buttery goodness. Just writing this reviews makes me wish it were breakfast so I could get one with egg, bacon, and cheese.

They also house my favorite cake/cupcake of all time (their caramel). The beauty is in how it is not over-sweetened and perfectly frosted. The moist density of the cake is amazing.

Rounding out the trifecta is the fleur de Sel cookie with its truly masterful combination of dark chocolate and sea salt. There are simply no words. Get it!

As a tip, you can call ahead and order to bypass the line during busy times.!. This place is ultimately perfect because of the extra perks that come along side of it. You know, the breathtaking Las Vegas Strip view, ceiling to floor windows, very tasteful food, and excellent service.
 
Our group was fortunate to have Jonathan as our server. He was very attentive and not a single thing was wrong ! By far the best server I have ever had. 

Surf and Turf was very succulent which came with Lobster Tail and Stake. I highly recommend this platter and all of the sides are good but it's obviously up to your flavor of taste. 

The view is great and there is also a lounge/outdoor lounge/club overlooking the strip as soon as you exit the restaurant !. Even though the temps are over 100 for what seems to be like 9 months a year these days, I always make time for the soup here.  Tea Light is only like 10 minutes from the office, and it is one of my favorites.

I've eaten here more times than I can count, and I always get the Chicken or Beef soup.  The soup broth is always so flavorful and robust.  I love that they bring you fresh herbs and bean sprouts to add it right at the last second.  It really makes the soup seem so fresh.  I know I shouldn't, but I always finish the broth.  it just seems too good to waste...  

The spring rolls are a nice change of pace as well.  They aren't fried, and are packed with good stuff.  One of my co-workers always gets the Pork Ball sandwich, and I don't think you could pry it from his hands while eating it.

The people that run this restaurant are really friendly and always have a smile on their face.  The restaurant itself is tiny, so don't be discouraged if you cannot find a seat right away.. As a first time visitor to Vegas, there is no better and more luxorious hotel to stay in than this one. It is a gigantic property, one of the largest on the strip and what is good about it, is it on the end of the strip closer to the Vegas sign and off the beaten path away from the craziness. 


The theme is Asian island tropics and the huge beach/pool in the back is beautiful complete with cabanas and a lazy river. This hotel also has a very large convention and concert area which looked larger than any other casino on the strip. The rooms are very large and tastefully done with spacious bathrooms and comfortable beds. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The only complaint is there are long lines at the registration desk when checking in and the elevator area gets a bit congested at times. The casino itself is open aired and the dealers are friendly. Skip the underwater reef acquarium. You can find better places to go on the strip for $40. The restaurants inside are an eclectic bunch offering breakfast or dinners in a nice setting. I would highly recommend this spot to stay and with a connection to the Luxor next store, you can stroll through the shopping mall and never leave the property. Plus there is a tram to the Excalibur. This property also includes the Four Seasons and the Hotel all under one roof. A great time and very reasonable prices.. I'm not sure how they do it, but their flowers are gorgeous and last forever. I have known Terri for a while, and she truly loves what she does. Every order has a personal touch. Can't say enough good things about this shop.. they are absolutely great!!!. I get a cut from Johnny at Fino every month and it's always fresh, They call me the day before to keep me on track and the service is fantastic. Great location as well. Thanks!. Top class experience. The sports book was incredibly fun and rewarding. The rooms were up to par, but could use an upgrade to the body wash and shampoo selection. The service desk was brief and could have used a touch up on the customer service experience.. Terrific street tacos! We tried the carna asada, shrimp, and fish.  All were excellent and reasonably priced.  Had the rice and pinto beans-nothing to write home about here, they should put some effort into these two areas (not horrible but they really don't compliment the awesome tacos.  I didn't see any horchata on the menu and would have liked some but the Mexican coke was delicious.  I'll be back!. Really lovely restaurant. Had a simple 2 course lunch but food (and menu) was great. Everything cooked to an amazing standard and the feel and look of the place is great. Pretty reasonably priced too for such high standard.. Great place to hang out with the gang, they are good tables, cheap drinks, and of course they have 8 beer pong tables, surrounding the beer pong tables they have a food court.  The staff is very friendly, i always swing by every time i come to Vegas.. Fred,Flo and the entire staff are delightful. it is my neighborly placeto go for a carry out, or even a cocktail with friends, or best yet to have a nice meal in the casually elegant dining area.                i have had experiences many times where they go above and beyont tomake sure I eas 110% pleas
ed. Just go there,, both locations are great,, exceed expectations at reasonable price!,. 4 plats différents qui nous ont rassasiés

Festin italien un régal
Spaghetti sauce carbonate appréciée
Tortolini sauce rosée à la viande succulent
Rigatoni sauce à la viande toujours succulent
Et la facture raisonnable. I'm so glad they opened another Stephano's in Henderson! I have a lot of family who lives there and I make sure that every time I visit them, that I at least come to Stephano's once, if not, every day I'm there! The food is always consistant and I'm in love with their hummus! I can't get enough of this place. I only wish they had one in California. Not only is the food amazing, but the employees are really nice! They always answer every question with a smile on their face, and they really know how to take great care of their customers. 
If you're looking for an amazing Mediterranean Grill, Stephano's is definitely the place for you!. We use this place quite a lot simply because the food is so delicious. Every dish we have had from here (and most of our meals are takeaway)  has been so tasty. We were vegetarians for many years and we are happy to find somewhere like this were we can indulge on our veggie preferences. 
The only recommendations are these - make the name more recognizable and easy to remember ( we have often found it hard to find on yelp and google because it is difficult to remember), and consider an alcohol license as this food goes down well with a good Kingfisher or other cold lager. But overall, we have yet to have a bad meal from this place.. YUM!  Char broiled burger on an onion bun with sautéed mushrooms, onions and provolone. Burgers the way they used to be. If you're in the mood for a burger, this is your place. By the way onion rings rock!. I'd give five stars If Delta invest in PHX...how about monitor screens by gate for flight info & update of waiting / upgrade list!? 

I'm shocked delta continue to ignore this airport's upgrade. This isn't 90s. 

But the gate agent was very nice and fast, which raise stars from 1 to 4.. Being from the East coast and lived in Scottsdale for over a year, This is deffinatley the place to go for deli in an Italian way. Now that they even have Pizza I continue to be impressed. Although at times Especially lunch their may be a wait but the way I see it is if there is one, it is for sure waiting for, but I prefer to call ahead my order so I am in and out or be able to sit down and catch up on a few games on one of their flat screens. Since I have been going here, the place has continued to grow into greatness. The cured meats, Fresh olives and the array of Pasta and cold Salads are sensational. Did I mention the wine selection. I am not so up on wines but the owner Tony is more than happy to help me or my friends out. I also like to use this place on anything Italian I may cook because not only is it good for Deli they have a market of Italian items to cook with. Clean Deli, Clean Bathrooms, old school Ambiance, Fresh Fresh Fresh and the sillyness of the staff make it a fun experience. This alone and the fact no other deli compares, I give them 5 outta five stars.. ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!! Keep it up!!! and Ill keep coming back!!. Patt has been helping me with all my dart and dartboard needs for 10+ years. super lady and great prices.. I will be coming back and love their omelettes.. The BEST Sushi in town by far. All others hail in comparison. Head chef Kim is and the staff is very personable. The sushi itself is unbelievable. Best place in town, i've eaten at many sushi places.. As the name says, it is New York style Chinese Food.  The staff is very consistent and stays the same.  I am a fan of the War Wonton Soup.  Very good and lots of shrimp, chicken and pork.. I never plan on going to Haze, but the two times I wound up here I had a great time. Well thought out space, good lights, good staff - you're going to need to work pretty hard to have a bad night out, here.. Lunch menu is best bang for your buck.   You can get a huge meal for $7.50.   Fantastic gyro and rice combo meal.    The lunch chicken was not that amazing.. Very helpful and very comfortable environment. I was a first time patient and I've never been adjusted before. They were very informative and professional. I felt no discomfort during the session and walked out feeling golden. I would definitely recommend The Joint to my friends and family. Truly a great experience and I'm looking forward to going back. 5 stars. Absolutely  gorgeous facility. Golf course was well maintained. Great view of the surrounding area.. Ohana's is fantastic! I have to say that every time I've dined here or either did take out I've received very good customer service! That of course goes hand and hand with providing excellent food as well! Though i only eat the same thing every time it's consistent and works for me! The chicken katsu and spam masubis are my favorite! In comparison to Aloha kitchen I have to give it to Ohana's! Not only are they more convenient for me but they just happen to have better quality! Solely my option but anyways keep up the great work Ohana's!!!!! Sincerely, your Happy and satisfied  returning customer :-). Great place to try Italian food. Nice decoration and good service. Their tomato sauce is unique and a must to try. They also have great menu of desert too. Definitely will be back.. Came here off a whim trying to find a place to eat at 2am. They have great food and the nicest staff. From the host to the waitress, everything was perfect. The food is good too! Also, the prices are more than reasonable. My girlfriend and I liked it so much that we came here again for a late lunch prior to us leaving Vegas. If you want a chill and relaxed spot with great food and service, come here!. Fast Food has become a necessity with my new position and today's choice was Jacks place.  It's close by and I have not been there in some time so we checked it out....

Never have I been a fan of the drive through so Melissa and I went inside to place the orders even though we were going to take it with us....probably a better choice as the drive through was packed.

Todays choice was the Sourdough Steak Sandwich with Curley Fries and a fountain soda. I also opted to try out their Two-Taco's-For-$.99 deal.  Melissa had the Chicken Fajita Pita combo. 

The counter person was Perfcta, although I thought her name tag was different.  She was courteous, efficient and seemed to care that she was offering great service.  A nice surprise in any fast food joint.

My food was delivered quickly and was still quite hote when we arrived back at the office to eat.  The sandwich was actually quite good, a nice change from the satandard everyday burger.  The tacos were a bt greasy and I would say to save this for days when you are broke or needing a hang-over remedy as they will be more like a scoop of Draino to my system!!

Mel says her Pita was great...its seems this is what she always orders as its consistantly the same and always good.

So, whats the rating??  I would go back.  The service was fast, the food was hot and the person behind the counter made me feel valued.  I will be saving the taco's for my next night out drinking!  Enjoy!!. THEY REALLY CAME THROUGH
I ordered flowers for my wife the day before Valentines Day. I ordered on line from CA, with instructions to call before delivery.  Asked for A.M. or late in the day.  At 10:30 am they called to tell me they would be there in short order.  The flowers were beautiful. My wife was thrilled.  I also received a confirmation email that the flowers had been delivered and received.  I've read some of the negative reviews and have to say my experience was the exact opposite.  I'll use them again.. pretty cool production, out of this world stage, awesome creativity, a definite must-see in vegas! can get at least 30% off tickets from www.tix4tonight.com. probably can find a better deal than that but that's where we got our tix from. definitely have to see the rotating stage!. I have had several cars worked on at the Car Guy. It's refreshing to find a shop that is honest and well priced. They go above and beyond to make sure your car is repaired correctly and that you understand how to take care of your vehicles. I wouldn't take my cars anywhere else!. Took my fiancées car to the Octopus as little get well present from an untimely mirror vs garage accident.

At first you may feel some sticker shock when you see the prices however, you need to have an idea before you pull up if you want either a full service wash or the pricier fast detail service.  Don't worry, the friendly service advisors are not on the hustle. The staff is very honest and even handed me the iPhone I forgot on the seat as I got out of the car.

The Diamond Package is your best bet and unless you are have a real messy car, your sure to get a good, through wash.  The staff works endlessly from the time you pull into the wash bay to the time they help with the doors when you get back in to pullout into the street.  They even wipe down the dash and clean the insides of the windows.

The only thing I forgot to mention is that the Octopus is kid friendly for all ages (myself included). Make sure to let the little ones blast the cars with the "sudszilla" as they roll  by but, don't be shy about taking a turn yourself =). This place looks great after their remodel. The salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great. Clifford, our server, was super nice and helpful. I will be back!. Mulitple locations all over the Las Vegas area for you to get a smoothie and/or a sandwich, wrap or salad. This place reminds me a lot of Jamba Juice, but it also has the food. I usually get the Island Combo which is any smoothie and any sandwich, wrap or salad for about $10. Not bad for a lunch combo or even a snack after a workout. It's not a huge amount of food, but its somewhat healthy (depending on what food you get). I have been to different locations and the portion size can vary depending on who is making your wrap or salad. They do have a frequent visitor card where after the 10th smoothie you get one free. Also, if you are a member of Las Vegas Athletic Club (LVAC) you can get a 15% discount on your order.. Omg!! I had a blast at this place!!!! There is so much happening and the performers are amazing!! I hadn't been to Vegas in awhile and I am not really a club person but I put my own agenda aside for my baby brothers 21st birthday!! This was an absolute blast!! Great bottle service, great DJ for dancing and there was like a hype man too!! They through like these foam glow sticks from the ceiling and confetti and it was overall a really great time!!! I will be back for sure!!. Ok, let me just start out by saying that the best tuna sandwich in town is here (you get the choice of hot or cold! Who does that?!). Not to say that reason alone is the only thing you should look for here. Quite the contrary. The treats (scones, muffins, cookies, and more) are tastebud-meltingly amazing. Full choice of breakfast selections, smoothies, juices, and sandwiches-all able to satisfy the super health conscious and those in to let their cravings run wild. The coffee is also top notch and would eat Starbucks' for lunch (or breakfast.lol) given a head to head confrontation. 

That would almost be enough to justify that I did my part in sharing with my fellow local Arizona restaurant fans the gift that this place is for us who live here-but it's not! Reason being, I would be forgetting to mention how friendly the staff is here and great the service is. Expect to feel welcome when you come in, and unfortunately, that is not the case in most restaurants nowadays. 

Next, this place looks hip, has a very clean and modern look, which you can see from the minimalist design of the menus, to the touchscreen pad up front where you can key in your phone number for specials; it is immediately impressed upon you that quality is important to the owners here.

That is further confirmed for when you try the food. :) Ingredients make the difference, and you get what you pay for here. 

Lastly, there are really comfortable seating arrangements here: different types of chairs inside, so that you can relax outside, lounge on some of the soft seats inside, or sit up at the bar on the stools. Either way yields more than enough comfort to suit your mood; whether you are staying for a while or on the go, there is no way to go wrong.   

I will be back. A LOT. Hope you will get to enjoy also! :). Great location, right next to Chase Field and right in front of a light rail stop. The atmosphere is an upscale/trendy sports bar. Plenty of TV's if you can't get into the game. The food is amazing. Mac n cheese with chicken is a must, along with their Lobster bisque that is more like a chowder with chunks of lobster in it. Burgers were dynamite -  juicy inside, slighty crisp outside, with bacon and bacon mayo (Holy Bacon burger). Nice briosche bun that they brand teh top of with 'CC'.

The bar and drinks is top shelf. Drink menu is creative, all named after a major league baseball team. My fiance drank the 'Cincinnati' all night, named Pete's Punch after Pete Rose. I had beer and teh El Pres margarita made with Herradura reposado and a side blanco shot.

The staff is friendly and fun. we spent 5 hours there on Saturday night and never were rushed or hurried. Everyone was smiling and having a good time. Our waitress stayed and talked with us for a while even when we were just winding it down before driving home. We can't wait to go back and share this place with friends!!. Lunch special is the way to go -- $19.95 and delicious!  As others have said, five claws, cole slaw, "hash browns" (well, not like I've ever had, but really good!), and Key Lime pie for dessert . . . 

No substitutions, so I had the Key Lime pie, even though I would have preferred the apple -- but it WAS good!

Can't speak for the rest of the menu, as all three of us ordered the lunch special, but it WAS by far the best deal on the menu, and it WAS really good!

Great Bloody Mary's too, and a reasonalbe wine list . . .

One question:  if you are INSIDE the Forum Shops, but they have a "patio" where you can eat that "feels" like you're outside (well, it's actually outside the four walls of the restaurant, but still inside the Forum Shops itself), does that count as "outdoor seating"???. These are GREAT Burgers, Real meat and they have different spicals every week.  I love the freash sweet potatoe frys.. Great breakfast. Friendly staff. Good service and great food. What more can you ask for? Joshua was friendly and efficient, and the rest of the restaurant had a great vibe. Good job guys! Keep up the good work.

Only suggestions are that the waiting room is pretty damn warm and the tables are a little crowded with condiments. Will be back again!. This is a very good hidden little gem.  Ive tried every Chinese restaurant in the area and Dragon Palace is the best, and not just because their food is good but because the owner is a class act.  I came to grab a carry out order since i was in the vicinity and noticed upon approaching the door that they didn't open until 5pm (it was 4:25).  I was about to turn away in disappointment when the owner unlocked the door and asked if i was just doing carry out.  When I said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order.  That right there is just fantastic business.   Try seeing that at any other place, you would leave hungry.... especially at a certain place on tatum/thunderbird that shall not be named.  

I got the house special chicken, Mongolian beef, and small wonton soup.  All of them are piping hot, fresh, and delicious.  This is my go to spot for Chinese now and they very much deserve the business.. Awesome experience! I actually drove about a half hour out of my way to go here for a full service and detail. I showed up and instead of trying to upsell me they actually asked what I was looking for and once I had said that I wanted my seats shampooed and the whole shabang is when they offered me the best option. Loved that. No pressure at all. I then proceeded inside where the cashiers were both accommodating, genuine and both in good spirits. The manager Shawn walked by and introduced himself to me which I found to be quite awesome. As for the wash they had my Silverado 1500 crew cab done in about 2.5 hours and honestly it looks pretty darn good. Of course it being my truck I could always find a spot or two that was missed but no one is perfect. Actually they did easily the best job of any detail I've ever had. Cleaned lots of places most other auto spas don't care to, such as under my cup holders. They even moved my blankets and whatnot under my back seat to clean down there instead of just working around it. I will definitely make the drive every time. They have earned a new regular in me which the great staff and awesome job!. Huge, huge plates! I couldn't eat it all, then I got a box for leftovers and even the to go box was full. The flavor was great! Good service.. 16 idiots donning wigs came to Delmonico for a bachelor party dinner.  I had called other steakhouses, but since we had a large party, I was told we had to order from a set menu.  Us clods just wanted a delicious slab of steak, some wine and we'd be happy and Delmonico was there to provide.  The only shortcoming was the wait to take our orders, but once our waiter came, it was all good.  The wait staff had a great sense of humor which added to the night's festivities (hell they were serving a bunch of goofballs).  Of course, the best part was the steak.  Most of us at the table had the bone in ribeye steak.  Let me first say I didn't eat much of anything that day in anticipation of this dinner and we didn't have any appetizers or salads and I STILL couldn't finish off that piece of meat!  My steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and was wonderfully seasoned.  Thanks to Delmonico for tolerating the circus sideshow and cooking up some awesome meat..  and sorry to housekeeping that we ordered 4 orders of asparagus!. Great little pizza and gelato shop. It reminded me of being back in Italy. If I ever return to Pittsburg it will be to eat here.. I think I just had the best service experience ever! All of the staff members were incredibly friendly at every interaction, from the moment i walked-in and the greeter spoke to me, to the second before walking out, when several of the staff thanked me for coming,and wished me a good night....I even had another table's waitress topping-up my water, that is beyond my expectations! And MY WAITRESS...she was the friendliest waitress i've ever had, yet completely professional...so attuned to making sure that I was having a wonderful dining experience, making suggestions, checking on me, offering more bread and so on, that if I hadn't noticed the other tables getting the same kind of service from their waitress, I would have sworn that my cute waitress had a huge crush on me! LOL

Seafood chowder and oyster Rockefeller were very good, but no one can make oyster Rockefeller taste as good as my mom did .... Only 10 min away from walking distant.
This is really really really good, also really really really bad.

I am almost finished with trying each soynami.... So far and not a fan of the one with banana.
YET EVERYTHING is.... just... just good. Place me on top of a Swiss alp let me sing, dance, and exclaiming goodness oozing. 

Also i can eat one and not feel lik I am creating havoc for my metabolism to compensate.

RL:

NOTE: Oddly takes an unusually amount of time to get into my hands. 10min?
Worth the wait, worth the walk, worth the extra chocolate ;). Outstanding food for the price, but the staff is clueless.  Best onion rings in town.  Everything on the menu is excellent.  I take customers and job interviewees here all the time.. The Canyon Ranch Cafe is located inside the Venetian Hotel. The food and service were both excellent. My lobster roll was fantastic. I was also surprised by the low prices of the food. It is a 5 Star restaurant. I give it an A+ rating. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL. This place ia great!  Super friendly, cheap, and most importantly TASTY!!!

It is hard to find.  It on the inner part of the corner of sunset and marks.  Between mattress discounters and rubios mexican grille.. This is like an indoor swap meet. Lots of small vendor stalls selling the usual assortment of Chinese made goods. There are though decent leather works to be had if you have the money for them. There are some vendors with Mexican versions of american products that can be acquired for cheaper here. The best part of this place is browsing around with snacks as they have two mini food courts. It's right in/connected to the mall so it's really convenient.. After reading some of the reviews, I had a low expectations. But nonetheless we were helping a school fundraiser. 

I ordered the quesadilla burger medium and got a medium. And juicy quesadilla burger. 
It was really good. Hot and fresh.  
The only it needed was some salsa and it would be a 5 star. 
The waitress was attentive,  and the manager did come over towards the end to check on us.. What can be said that hasn't been in over 500 reviews?!?!?

Get in line before 6pm.  The line is longer than some nights at Tao.  I try to get there at seniors dinner time which is like 4pm..5 at the very latest.  Don't even bother after 7.

Why not have a few beers/glasses of wine before even eating?  Hey..you waited long enough in that goddamn line.  Might as well take your time and enjoy it.  

It surprises me that I've never seen anyone inebriated beyond comprehension....ASIDE from my wife's friend who downed about 18 glasses of wine and actually had to be assisted back to our booth by a server since she was lost and couldn't walk in a straight line.  We actually had to carry her out of the M.  Miiiiiildly embarrassing.  

3rd best daily buffet in town.  Bellagio and Wynn are still better.. I hesitate to write a review for SnowFlake Shavery as it defies all that my palate has grown to know.  It is light.  It is almost fluffy.  It is cold and does not melt too fast.  It is icey.  It is creamy.  It is not shaved ice nor is is ice cream.  This is some hybrid dessert that I don't fully understand.  Yet I like it.  I ordered cantoulope, a seasonal flavor.  It was very light in color with a hint of cantoulope to the taste.  Had I been more familiar with the establishment I would have ordered the egg pudding or chocolate syrup to top my bowl with.  Next time I'll know what to do a little better.. This is a great place for a casual drink & bite with some friends, a first date, or a night out with your significant other. I ate a combination of a couple tacos and a po'boy sandwich with fried oysters. Everything was delicious. 

If you are in Montreal this is a must visit. I plan to go back soon to taste more from their menu.. Awesome Hot Honey and Hoppy wings! Great atmosphere and great service. Great value and great prices. I'm so happy right now!. Very fun place good food, cool building with the church thing going; I'm really surprised the reviews aren't stronger.  I took a client here while in town and we had a very nice lunch.  

Food
Solid, I can't remember everything I ordered but 3 tacos is good size order here- everything at least sounded good and everything I had was.. I was very impressed with this place! I am new to Vegas and was looking to try a few places like this in the area. 

There's a similar establishment across the parking lot. However, I went there and enjoyed the food but the staff was rude. 

Greens and Protein had both delicious, nutrient dense food and extremely friendly and helpful staff. I was sitting outside and a manager was leaving to go home. He said goodbye to all three tables on his way out. Small things like that earn my business back every time!

I also love that the menu includes caloric values which is helpful to me on a contest prep diet. 

Highly recommend!. Stayed at the Carson Tower with my wife and 6 year old daughter during her spring break ( Tuesday - Friday in mid April).

Arrived Tuesday around 4pm and the check in counter at the Carson Tower was closed so we had to check in at the Rush Tower which is about a 2 minute walk.  Apparently, this is pretty common so don't be surprised.
The check in areas featured self check in Kiosks, but I did not use them.  Check in took about 3 minutes after a 10 minute wait.

Our room in the Carson Tower was clean, fresh smelling and definitely no-frills.  There was no microwave, refrigerator or Wi-fi available in our Carson Tower room.  The room includes a wired Ethernet port that requires payment as well as a coffee maker that also requires payment if you use the provided coffee pods.  The room size is standard and everything worked fine (air conditioner, shower, sink, TV, etc.).

The donut shaped pool is very nice with a shark tank in the middle and waterfalls spaced out around the pool that you can swim under or walk through.  However, the pool is small for the occupancy of the hotel so it will get crowded during holidays.

There is a small Arcade room near the Carson Tower elevators that feature an Air Hockey table and some video games.  The Air Hockey cost $1 per game.

Overall, a nice hotel that was reasonably priced ($60/night for weekdays in mid April).  Most hotels on the strip costed about 2.5 to 3 times that amount.  The Golden Nugget is a hybrid between a cheap downtown hotel and fancy strip hotel.  We will likely come back.. My wife and I decided to try it based on the rave reviews I'd read. I thought "hmmm, lets give it a try, I'm sure they have something low cal I'd like"...WRONG! Not only is it NOT low cal, its so darn tasty and tempting I ate my entire half sandwich and salad and then had desert...our desert bill was almost double our meal cost so we took some home for the family. We LOVED it and I plan to take my mom and aunt when they come in a few weeks.. This "bar" is a model of simplicity. A converted old house that serves more as a halfway house to Pizzeria Bianco, where patrons sip on beer and wine while waiting for a table at the heavenly pizza joint. There is plenty of charm in the setting and service only builds upon that foundation. The wodden porch offers a wonderful perch to people watch or gather around with friends. Each time I have been to Pizzeria Bianco, I have been with a large group - thus making a visit to Bar Bianco a perfect place to pass the wait for a table. And each of those occasions has been a lovely experience, where the wait flew on by. BB features great wine supported by even better atmosphere and service!. Food was better than  I expected. Frozen hot chocolates good as always.. There was a time when Baja Fresh was a sure bet for a 5-star rating from me -- and I know several other people who would agree.  Unfortunately, since it was bought out by Wendy's several years ago, the quality has deteriorated.  The upside is that now you can find Baja Fresh all over the country.  The downside is that it's only like it used to be about 1/3 of the time.

Recommendations:  Baja burrito w/ steak, pronto guacamole, and salsa baja.. This is a terrific independent hardware store, a rare gem in the world of Home Depot and Lowe's.  They have a massive selection of hard-to-find fasteners and bits that no big box retailer could touch, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  I just went in there for some obscure parts for a project I was doing and they were able to find me everything I needed for under $20.

Keep up the good work fellas!. I think I found ADF through Yelp! about 9 months ago.  I was looking for a 24 hour grocery store and in the process found this place.  On average, I come to this place about once a week and do the majority of my shopping here.  It's mainly overstock, but they do have a lot of buys that are passed the manufacturers recommended sell by date - NOT to be confused with EXPIRATION.  I actually just got back from a trip now and spent $58.  I filled my freezer with jenny-o lean ground turkey, chicken breasts, and steamer vegetables.  Yes, FILLED.  

I also purchased some President brie ($1.99, dated for 8/24/14), artichoke dip ($1.49, dated for 8/20/14), and Carr's table crackers ($.79, dated for 6/11/14).  Of those three items, the date on the crackers is hardly a concern, and all together these alone would have been $13-15 at the local deli section of a major chain.  

Their motto says "cut your grocery bill in half," but I'd say I've cut mine about 2/3rd's!!  I give ADF a five star rating based on my experience with the place, but I admit, it is not for everyone.  People who need consistency in their grocery store experiences will go insane here.  What is overstocked and sent here today, may not be available tomorrow.  Also, what is purchased today, might be cheaper tomorrow.  For a minute they had industrial sized ice cream tubs from Swenson's for $13.99 (retail would be about $80!), right now they have lobster tails (4 for about $27).  But it's all always while supplies last.  This place is a perfect go to for people with families.  The prices for snacks, cereals, and lunch items are incredible!  

One last thing, I can always tell when a couple is shopping at ADF for the first time.  Their eyes are wide and the expression on their face looks like they are thinking, America really is the land of milk and honey!!. I enjoyed our stay in their one bedroom suite. Full kitchen, wash and dryer units, couch, balcony...etc. We will plan to return for another stay. The only complaint was the view. We preferred to have a view of the strip from our room, but lucked out....stay and enjoy yourself at a pleasant and affordable resort.. Well, it looks like the West Valley is good for something - bagels. These babies are the real deal and they also taste perfect out of the freezer as well. Boiled, then baked is the only way to make bagels and since this side of town lost a few places, the search was on for this NY item. Well, now the search is over. I have tried nothing else, but toasted, fresh or frozen, these bagels (some a bit odd shaped) are top notch.. This could be my one and only review for a west side biz. Nothing against you Westsiders but I rarely venture past Central Ave. So I found myself working out here in the area and took a gamble, without even using Yelp walked in for some lunch. I mean, it's Mexican, how bad can it be. 

I guess the best way to describe this is it's similar to a Baja Fresh. They have a fresh salsa bar which was amazing!! You can get your burrito "wet" (my favorite). I ended up getting their enchilada plate. They have it on special right now, $4.99 for their combo plate. The ingredients tasted fresh as far as I could tell. The rice was fully and tasted good. 

It's your typical fast casual Mexican joint, and judging by all the chain stores/restaurants in the area, this place is a good bet you'll get a good meal. 

Oh, gotta give props to our cashier guy, we told him it was our first time and he hooked it up with 2 free drinks. He was pretty helpful in helping us order since they had so many good looking things on the menu. 

One last note, Surf and Turf Burrito is pretty good apparently. 

Protip: Want to feel a little less guilty about that burrito your ordering, for .25 cents more, get a whole wheat tortilla.. Short Version: Awesome service. Great Thai Food. Get the Massaman Curry and the Spring Rolls. Also, get a Thai Tea.

Long Version: I came here with my wife, sister, brother-in-law and nephew not knowing that they were closing up. At that moment the owner came out and insisted that we come in. After some back and forth we decided to take them up on their offer. This says a lot to me about their service. So often you run into situations where you feel rushed by the wait staff so this was a nice change. We felt guilty but they kept insisting that they were going to be around for another hour anyways.

The restaurant does in fact have two sisters running it in the kitchen. They do a great job because we thoroughly enjoyed our Massaman Curry, Thai Fried Rice and Egg Rolls. All of it was delicious. We are pretty avid Thai Food eaters and we've yet to find a solid one by our place in Cave Creek/Moon Valley Area. We're glad to report that we have found that place. For a long time we were stuck with Pete's Thai which was awesome the first time we had it, but after 3 or 4 more times of ordering the same thing but getting completely different results, we've since given up.

Two Sisters does the 1 to 10 spice level like many Thai Restaurants do and they seem to have it down pretty well. As in 5 is medium and 7-10 are pretty spicy. I like mine around 6 or 7. If you're unsure, they'll happily give you some extra peppers so you can spice it up further to your discretion.

We've been back 2 more times so far and still love it! I hope the neighborhood supports them!. We had a great time here with the whole family. 
Poolside activities were fun. Slide and water Splash area were fun! Rooms were absolutely wonderful, and having a full kitchen was great for cooking healthy and save some dough. 
Kids want to come back! Thy made friends by the pool too. 

One drawback is that they work on their gardens very early in the morning.  So get ready for some lawn mower or leaf lower noises.. I paid $88 for my girlfriend and I. I must say that if you're a Vegan (my girlfriend happens to be a vegan), then you're out of luck. She literally ate kale, and a tangerine. There's really not that much to eat except Kale. Not her fault though, just not that great of a selection for vegans.

However, if you're like me who eats pretty much anything then it's totally worth it! The quality of the meat is top notch, and the design of the food tops it off. What I mean by design is that these chefs make the food look all pretty and what not.. Have eaten here a bunch of times, used to play poker at Bellagio a few times a week.  Not really sure why people are complaining about price, they are pretty standard for the strip.  If you want to pay $7 for a meal go to panda.  For two your probably in for about $75.  Noodles are solid, and I usually get some pork.  Service is attentive.  I would say on the same level as Beijing Noodle #9 at Caesars.. I been to five different Oregano's in the Valley and although I've had bizarre experiences at three of them, some of it was due to the company I was with and not the actual restaurant itself.

As a native northeasterner who appreciates traditional NY style Neopolitan pizza, I'm not a big thick crust/pan pizza guy. Oregano's pan pizza is different though.

Their smallest pie can fill up two people and unlike Pizza Hut (not that I actually eat there), the crust is never greasy and with topping choices like cajun chicken or sundried tomatoes, who can complain? 

Their house salad is great with lettuce options more exotic than your standard iceberg and excellent dressings. Chicken wings are also very good with a mustard flavor that tastes a lot better than it sounds. 

Most customers hate surprises. At Oregano's they avoid surprises by telling you the wait time for a table or that pan pizzas take 35-40 minutes to cook.

I was at the Mesa restaurant on a weekday and our pizza was taking forever. We began dozing off at the table when our server came to us and told us the cooks forgot about us and there will be no charge for the whole meal (including salad we ate earlier) and did we still want to eat the pizza here or take it to go?

It was after 11 pm on a Wed. Following that a manager came to us and told us how he felt when a restaurant when he's in a restaurant and things go wrong and how he reacts to the staff (keep in mind we never complained or even asked about when our pizza was coming). He gives his apologies and tells us a desert cookie will be made for us while our pizza is being finished. That was also going to be free. 

After eating our pizza and sharing the only desert they serve (a large homemade cookie served in the pan it was cooked in with lumps of ice cream on top) we tried to leave a tip on our zero balance bill that the waitress didn't even seem interested in accepting. 

Despite the wait, it was a pleasant experience that someone could realize something was wrong and do something about it without you having to tell them. 

I've also eaten at the North Scotts location, Old Town, Camelback and University in Tempe. All are pretty standard in quality.

If I have some criticism it is that I like my pizza toppings on top of my pizza. At Oreganos they go under the cheese, which makes it hard to get crispy. 

This sometimes prevents me from ordering meats like pepperoni or ground beef. That's okay though, because I like the vegetable options too. 

Also, I've waited nearly an hour on multiple occasions at the Mesa location to get a pan pizza. Other locations are usually closer to their 35 minute estimation.. One of the best cigar shops in town.  The staff are very friendly and helpful, whether you are new to cigars or a long-time smoker.  The humidor is HUGE and their selection is great.  I really enjoy coming in, picking out my favorite smoke (or finding a new one) and sitting in one of the leather chairs and just relaxing.  The clientele are also very friendly and varied in backgrounds, and I've made many new friends just hanging out.. 3 words. STEAK & EGGS!!

Have a night of clubbing at XS this was the joint to go to with my group of friends. At 3am the place was not as packed, which was good and the food was delicious. 5-6 dollar steak and eggs, who can let that go?

The steak was nicely seasoned and huge!! I couldn't even finish my meal. Maybe because I was exhausted from the night, but this is the go to spot for a night on the strip.. This place is amazing. It's usually quite busy but worth the wait. The concept is great, a conveyor belt loaded with different kinds of sushi rolls, salads and deserts. The way it works is all items are placed on colored plates. Each color represents the price associated with that particular plate, so you know the exact cost of what you're getting. The prices are very reasonable and you are able to try different kinds of items without breaking the bank. This is now my "go to" sushi place.. Growing up my family came to Encanto Park for many gatherings and picnics. We recently rented the historic Encanto Park Clubhouse for our son's wedding rehearsal dinner. " Awesome and charming" were some of the comments we heard over and over from our guests throughout the evening.  The clubhouse and the park created a warm and beautiful environment for our celebration.  We had La Canasta Capitolio Mexican Restaurant cater the  dinner and they were pleased as well with the kitchen inside this amazing jewel that Phoenix offers for private parties.

We highly recommend this park in 
Phoenix for any type of family and company parties.. Great pizza with made in store dough. Only tried their standard crust but plan to try the thick crust and some wings soon.. Owen and the folks at All In Web Pro have been a pleasure to work with. They've kept my web site updated and are continually advising me on ways to reach a larger audience. As someone who doesn't fully understand the power of social media, it's nice to have a partner that does. Highly recommended!. Amazing Strawberry ice cream!:). The best we ever had. And the Stout and Eggnog was pretty darn good too.. After reading some reviews on the other Yelp page (Altered Ego Salon, same family and all), Ray's name came up a few times. His reviews were good.

I had someone I regularly went to every two weeks back in the West Valley but since I live in the east now, it didn't make too much sense to drive all the way back there just for a haircut. So came the part I've been dreading: finding someone new I can trust with my hair.

Somehow, I've found someone who did an even BETTER job than what I was used to. 

Definitely recommend Ray and the barber shop itself is great. There's a certain feel in the environment that's just right. I can't explain it, just book an appointment yourself to see what I mean.. Friendly staffed coffee shop with light foods (sandwiches, lunch, breakfast) and located in a perfect spot on the south side of Via Ventura, immediately before the southbound entrance to the 101.  Coffee was quite flavorful.  I was told their roaster is in Montana but no matter, it was a good cup.  A couple cushy sofas and tables/chairs provide minimal seating, but I'm sure much of their business is from that convenient drive through.

Will hit this spot again when in the area and have that coffee craving.. The best place in the world to tailgate and watch the Pittsburgh STEELERS don't forget your terrible towel!. This place was way hyped up before I got there so I had high expectations.  We picked up 2 pizzas.

The place was real nice inside - nice enough for a date or something.  NExt time I would liek to stay and eat there instead of take-out... especially since the pizza can lose some of it's integrity in transit.

So we got the pepperoni pizza home.  It is a thin crust plenty of toppings.  This is way different than your average delivery pizza.  It was good.  Real mozzerella cheese and real pepperoni.  I really enjoyed this pizza.  Kind of an artisan pizza - I think these people are trying to make a good pizza.

Just a personal note, and I am objective in my reviews so this does not take down the rating - just a personal issue.  I do not like a pretensous type of pizza joint.  I want a regular type of place - nothing fancy.  Also, over $40 for 2 pizzas!!! Digity dang. 

So this is a nice place - tony for a pizza joint... it serves real good pizza.. Stayed here over Mother's Day weekend and had another really great time!  This visit, I got a West Wing Room.  I will admit it was a little small, but when you a traveling alone that isn't a very big deal.  The important thing for me was that it was one of the best set up Wheelchair Accessible Rooms I have ever had.  From the automated curtains to the light switch embedded in the headboard to the HUGE Roll in Shower, everything was easy and well designed.

As usual, the staff was friendly and helpful.  When I got there I asked a staff member who was walking the opposite direction to point me towards The West Wing.  Elijah, stopped in his tracks, offered to carry my bag and walked me all the way to my room.  The only negative was the loooooooooooooooonnnnnnggggg dark hallway. It kinda reminded me of the movie "The Shining"!. As the bartenders have changed drastically over the past year, one has remained, Sarena. She works Monday through Friday during the day till 4. Her demeanor is very welcoming. She is pleasant to everyone that enters the establishment.  She is the reason I will be coming back to this place.  Thank you for your kindness.  It was truly appreciated to myself and my friends.. I love, love, love this place. From the time you first walk in and are tantalized by the wonderful smell to the impecible service and absolutely delicious food. This place is the best. 

I HIGHLY recommend the Fish and Chips. It was the best I've ever had in my life!. This is the place for breakfast and brunch slash comfort food. Every week they have a unique flavor of potted bread which is offered as a side to most entrees.  I like the omelette selection.  The wait staff is attentive and very nice. At peak hours there's usually a short 15-30min wait for a table. I like to burn time at Dead Poets Used Bookstore also located in the same strip mall.. make a conscious choice to support a LOCAL business.

--at the time of this review, the outdoor kiosks are for browsing use only
--super-friendly staff
--clean lobbies, halls and bathrooms (oh so nice when you're joined by 50 of your fellow patrons to relieve yourself of the 168 oz. soda you drank over 2 hours)
--if only airline seats cold be so spacious and comfortable!
--food choices are totally hideous, but they do have bottled water.

SUPPORT A LOCAL BUSINESS! MAKE A CONSCIOUS CHOICE!
--the Harkins family has owned and operated cinemas since Tempe's Mill Avenue had a mill on one end of it
--Dan Harkins is an anonymous philanthropist. i have personally witnessed his bounteous generosity and was deeply moved
--in the age of super-googleplex cinema with visions of Arco 5000, make a conscious choice to support a local business.. I don't even check in unless it's a place that should be worthy of a review. The atmosphere is light casual, very easy to find a great drink and the food is awesome. You should hit the happy hour at least once this week.  Peace. This has always been on my "must try" list. I can't even imagine how many times I've walked by here and thought, oh yeah, I want to go there sometime! But alas, there are SO many great places to grab a late lunch (hello Kaya, Thin man, Little Bangkok, etc!) in the strip that I just never made it. Well, we finally did. Had a craving for some tacos and, voila, here we go! 

Let me first of all say, I like tacos. I've had some amazing ones over the years and the things that makes them amazing are the freshness of the ingredients, the quality/tenderness of the meat, the imaginative combos, and the double wrap homemade tortillas. And yes, Casa Reyna has all of those!  And they were cheap! Got my belly full with 4 "mini" tacos,for $9. Two carnitas (very good) and two tinga (excellent chicken option). I also sampled my wife's el pastor and that will be my next choice for sure. That one was fabulous. Lots of salsa choices makes for great chip dipping. I am such a fan of that! Didn't try the margaritas since I was driving but at $12 each I assumed they would be huge. At least I hope so. 

Now when I'm thinking I need tacos, I know,where I'm going.. We have our Quarterly boys nite out with my hockey buddies.  I am usually in charge of planing the evening.   A lot of fussy eaters and not mostly steak and potatoes types.  I really liked the positive reviews on Yelp for this restaurant and thought it would be a little different - little out of our comfort zone.   Couple of the guys read the menu online and were really not into going.   Majority rules so we ended up here on a friday night at around 8pm.   Place was just getting full.   From the get go, we were impressed.  The waiter was EXCELLENT, he knew the menu like the back of his hand and took good care of us (one of the guys has peanut allergies).    

We had a few beers to start the nite... they have a unique list of micro brew, had the Pilsner - was great!   Then for the entré - i had the Pork Dumpling - it was outstanding!  Followed by the Ravioli with Lamb as my main dish, and again, amazingly good.   Another one of the guys had the risotto to start, it looked like he liked his plate clean!   

We all really enjoyed our food and ambiance of the place.  Very impressed with the service and food quality.  Highly recommend this place and cant wait to get back!. Okay, I normally slum it at the IP when me and the boys go to Vegas, but seeing as how as we need to "grow" up some time, we took advantage of the sagging economy and internet deal on a concierge suite at the Venetian...

First of all, love the fact that you don't need to check in with everyone else and can check in at the concierge desk.  The suite?  Everyone else has yelped about the suites so I won't.  We did have an issue with the housekeeping, but the management was professional and helped us out.  The best part of our stay was the concierge lounge.  Breakfast in the lounge was tea, coffee, bagels and pastries.   The concierge desk was also super helpful in finding and making reservations for 4 dazed and confused dudes.   (Thanks Maka for your patience!)  Best of all, the cocktail "hour" is from 5-8 pm and it's all you can drink, baby!  The selection of liquor isn't the most extensive, but I was totally happy with my Glenlivet and occasional martinis from our awesome bartender, Michael!    (Question: how do you write off your alcohol habit on a trip in vegas?  Answer: Stay at the concierge suite!)      

On the last day, one of us muttered: "I dunno if I can go back to the IP anymore..."  Ouch.  Guess, boys have to grow up sometime, eh?. Been on the hunt for great premium sushi rolls. I like the happy hour. ASU roll is good. Lots of sauces on the rolls, close to Mikuni's out of Sacramento, they just don't have the selection compared to Mikuni's. They are doing 1.99 draft coors light or 2.99 draft blue moons, I think from 4 to 6 on weekdays. Been here twice and will keep coming back.. Stopped here for a bowl of Hu Tieu Bo Kho (Beef stew noodle soup).  The place was filled with mostly Asians many speaking Vietnamese.  The noodle soup was filled to the brim with noodles, soup, beef.  The broth is hot and a little bit spicy.  The beef chunks are tender and the carrots chunks are perfectly softened, not too much that they break up in the soup.  The service was super fast and my noodle soup came out in record time.  I was in and out in about 25 minutes!   I want to go back and try their other soups.. I don't know why, maybe just the change up factor, but every time I end up here I have a good time. I actually enjoy the dancing, two stepping around in a circle roller rink style. The Drinks are cheap, I get in free at the door (military) and the chicks that frequent this place are just more laid back, willing to dance and have fun and lots of them are wearing daisy dukes. The drink specials are cool, they change every hour I think and they're displayed on a flat screen behind the bar so you don't have to ask. Example - $3 Bacardi mixed drinks, solid deal. The music is country but if you ask the DJ he'll play some hip hop for you. The layout of Revolver is smart. Go here, bring friends, gamble beforehand, earn a room comp, drink till your heart is content, then get some food court fare, head to the room, and make love to someone. 

Or do like me and go alone, get drunk, and sleep in the parking garage. Weirdo.. Best Friday fish fry I have found in the valley!  Very much like a good Wisconsin or Minnesota fish fry... Great tasting and crispy breading.  All you can eat in some places doesn't mean anything because you don't want to eat any more, but here it is great because the fish is so good.  Friendly and attentive wait staff always make it a pleasure.  I drive 45 mins-1 hour from Gilbert on average 1-2 Fridays/ month to have the fish fry.. Before I forget, I need to say that the location is perfect, particularly on the patio in November when it's a dreamlike 70 degrees at 7:30pm.  

We were there last Thursday and the courtyard area of the waterfront had a peaceful level of pedestrian activity and a folksy band playing music nearby (including a flutist with her own unique Katie Perry interpretation).

We started with the Oysters. I am no shellfish expert but these looked fresh, and they tasted good, even better with a little extra horseradish and cocktail sauce.  We also tried the escargot. The only low point of my meal. I have had some pretty good escargot dishes in my day, usually swimming in a mild garlic butter sauce, however Metro's were doomed by a combination of rich green pesto and a breaded crust. If they had stuck with the pesto sauce it would have been great, the crusty breading just made it a little too complex. The poor little snail was overwhelmed. 

A dinner companion started with a salad nicoise with poached egg. I had a bite and it was excellent. One of my favorite salads. I love the taste of the cool lettuce and dressing with just a hint of warm, rich egg yolk. 

For my main course I had the roast chicken with mashed potatoes. It sounds simple but was anything but simple. The chicken was deconstructed, bones and skin removed, then the dark and white meats were put back together in a sort of roll, wrapped in the skin and roasted to perfection. I never order chicken at restaurants because it's usually so bland, but this was fantastic. Even better with the mashed potatoes and the small amount of mushroom & onion red wine reduction.  I could have used more of that sauce. 

The service was good, our waiter definitely knew the menu well and he was attentive throughout the evening and patient when our party was indecisive.  

And on a final note, I finished the night off with a Keoke Coffee. A family favorite.  Very flavorful, but the next day I had a horrendous hangover. I think the bartender was a little too generous with the brandy.  Not that I am complaining, just a word of caution.. Truly one of the best restaurants to dine in Las Vegas! This hidden gem is right next to the freeway, and incorporates a healthy side as well as a "happy" side, which is the best of both worlds when your trying to be health conscious or in for a cheat day! 

Clever concept, definitely coming back and bringing all the friends and family.. Simply one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. Breakfast, dinner, no matter the time the food is great and the service is above average. Their prices are perfect and they have a decent happy hour. The menu is full of variety and the burger I had was the best one I've had in a long time. Just a great place to eat and I will keep going back often.. First time there. Had to wait about 20mins even though I had an appointment but the staff was friendly and worked quickly.
Atmosphere was a little busy but overall service was good. Would come back.. Judy, I just returned from a long business trip to find my house beautifully  clean.  The team you sent did a great job and paid attention to detail.  I would request that they work here always.  Please pass on my thank you to the lady's .  Thanks again!. Great experience at this lovely, atmospheric place. The service and personnel were second only to the satisfying meal. As a first course, we had a brilliant and subtle duck foi gras with a fruit compote. The complimentary flavors and textures made for a superb experience. The main course, braised lamb chops in a tasty sauce, with whipped potatoes and fresh vegetables, was exactly what we needed. Overall a more than delicious and gratifying evening.. You seriously cannot go wrong if you've wound up at this place.  Everything on the menu is simply fantastic.  When I finally ventured to have lunch here I got blown away by the grilled chicken sandwich.  Its really small though so you usually have to wait.  And its so small you usually have to wait outside.  Because its so small.. These guys are great, saved me time, and money.  A while back I installed a very expensive header and full exhaust for my car.  Unfortunately, my primary O2 sensor rusted and got stuck in the downtube.  I was instructed by another shop that they would most likely have to strip the threads out, seal it, drill a new hole, and replace the sensor.  Not what I wanted to hear especially after the price I paid originally for my exhaust.  Instead of taking the easy way out and messing up my header, these gentlemen took the time and carefully extracted the old sensor without messing up the threading.  Then installed my new O2 sensor and got everything back to perfect.  My exhaust shop back home would have cost me double what these guys run.  Thanks again.. i love this place.  nestled perfectly next to a lake the vibe and the coffee are both quality.  

i have to say however the thing i love the most is the music selection.  being a 70's classic rock guy this place plays a ton of great jams from that era.  

i highly recommend to anyone looking for a fun relaxing place to hang out.. Food:  
Fried Oysters were nice and crispy on the outside and delightfully gooey on the inside.. The perfect spice for both the oysters and the shrimp.  On the main course... Lay down a bed of rice, throw some "jerk like" chicken and two different kinds of red bean delicousness and BAM... You are set!   Now, I like my food to have a KICK but this was, what I would call, a controlled KICK.  Just enough spice to get the tongue and mouth salivating and begging for more.  You could always add some more Louisiana hot sauce if you wanted.  Then, to top it off.... bread pudding.. Oh Lordy Lord Lord, the bread pudding.. SOOOOOooo good.  I would go back just for the bread pudding.  

Atmosphere/Staff:  
Bo, the bartender made a mean Hurricane and had extensive knowledge of the shrimp apps that proved to be very helpful.  Everything about the two story restaurant was uniquely decorated and made you feel comfortable and relaxed.  The upstairs outdoor patio was quaint and cozy with a classy touch.  Overall, simply wonderful.  

Please give it a try.. You wont regret it.   

Enjoy

-Ian M.. I very much enjoyed eating here. Food was great. Fairly fast service. Wasn't expensive either for the 4 of us.. This specialized Baby Store is everything a mother or a mother-to-be can wish for. Lots of strollers, furniture and cribs selections are to be had in a spacious environment where staff on repeated visits have more than helpful to my mother-to-be wife and I.

Plenty of clothes are available for babies of all ages and many items are available for whatever need you may have.

However, kindly note that for some electronic devices you're better off comparing prices for them online or at other stores as I found far more reasonable deals for them elsewhere. 

For example, if a baby monitor is sold here at $300, you can easily find the same one, brand new, a few blocks away for $200. They should not mark up their prices to this degree.. Shane is wild and fun. His class are never the same. If you want to workout and have fun and the main thing is you do not have to break the bank. Task Fitness is the place. I enjoy working out here. So come and have fun.. This is a man's Bath and Body Works.

That is if Bath and Body works had a spa in the back. Amazing is the best word for this place. I found a new, "have to got to," spot in Vegas. I did the Royal Shave with Grethel, as in Hansel and Grethel, as she said. I will be making an appointment with her every time I go back. The shave is just half of what she does for you. Don't get me wrong, the shave is amazing, close as can be and left my face smooth as a babies butt. Speaking of buts, the facial massage and treatment with hot towels, cold, towels, scalp rub, left me in a perfect state to go out and have a few nights of debauchery in Sin City. 

Then there was the toy store. Acacia, helped me navigate this new world of straight razors and facial care I am not a custom to. I thought facial care was washing my face in the shower. Not anymore, now I take the time to treat my face right when slicing a few layers away to get rid of unwanted stubble.

All in all I highly recommend this place for any man looking to be prepped and pampered for their time in Vegas.. North Valley Mechanical is awesome! They have fixed and serviced my AC and I would highly recommend them. They are prompt, professional and knowledgeable.  The tech cleaned up after his work and the price was right!. Awesome place. Love the taste. It's so much better than everywhere else.  Especially the Dole pineapple and no extra charge for the waffle cones!!  it doesn't get much better than that.. She blinded me with science! Okay, enough with the cheesy 80's lyrics.  Yelp and a Vegan friend lead me to this place. I was at Sunset Station for an event, so I had to stop by on this hot Saturday afternoon. The place was full, and there was a short line. No biggy, it gave me a chance to really check out the menu. The menu was a bit confusing, but once I read it all, I was good to go. The 3 women working the store were super friendly, and let me know they would be right with me. 
I had a coffee, almond milk, chocolate chip small scoop. I am not Vegan, but this dish is, which makes me happy because it was super delicious! The flavor was good, not too sweet, but enough like ice cream to make it good. I could taste the coffee, which was nice, and it didn't have an almond milk flavor too it at all...which is okay, even though I love almond milk.  It took a few minutes to make, but really it was like watching a show when they were making it. I could have sat in there for hours watching, but then, that would be creepy. I am giving a 4 because it was a bit pricey for the size. Yes, I am sure liquid nitrogen is expensive. I would like to try it again before I determine a higher rating. 
Overall I was really impressed, and the non-vegans in the store seemed very pleased, and the staff was super helpful to a man who came in just wanting your typical "American ice cream".. Welcome to Italy or at least our own little slice of it. Forget the Venetian and it faux decor. This is the real thing. This shop has a vibe unlike any other Italian restaurant I have been in. Doubling as an Italian deli the restaurant itself sells quality Italian food at wallet friendly prices. The food here is what I'd expect a home cooked meal to taste like... If I was an Italian... In Italy. The portions are very generous, and the food itself is always freshly cooked and delicious. 

Furthermore, the service is top notch. You feel as though you've stepped once again into an Italian household invited to dinner. The workers due their utmost in providing the best service with a smile and a few jokes at that. 

The deli serves some of the best Italian cold cuts from various types of prosciutto and capicolla. They also serve a delicious assortment of cheeses and cold dishes. 

Coming here you are welcomed into the heart of Italy. From food at the table to the food sold at the deli you can't go wrong. The service is top notch and the restaurant is very clean. So if your looking for some great Italian food, you don't have to look so far.. I just found this local gem. The establishment is in an unassuming converted house and let me just say they make you feel at home as soon as you enter. It seems no mater the time of day the owner is there to greet you and help with any questions ( I had a bunch). There are some chairs up front and there are always some regulars hanging out. The prices seem competitive and there are usually some nice things on special or hey the yelp deal.. My wife had the chicken boxty and I had the Shepard's pie. Both were wonderful and we would come back again for sure.  Service was good but I could see it slowing as they got busier. We will be back!. Great upscale hangout. Julie is a great bartender. Strong drinks. Great break "typical Vegas".. So far the best sushi I've had on the west valley.  Just moved from Tempe and was way better than most places on that side of town as well.

Can't beat the happy hour, the only complaint would be how small the place is and it get's busy so the wait can be brutal when you're so close to such great sushi.. My wife and I both had the HK tasting menu which at first I thought might be a little over priced but I was wrong! Every course was excellent. 
Meal consisted of:
Amuse Bouche - Scotch Egg
First course - Beet Root Salad
Second course - Scallop Risotto
Third course - Roasted Beef Wellington
Dessert course - Sticky Toffee Pudding
 
FYI...Still water is not complimentary and you will have to pay for it.. I was looking to hire my first actual, real trainer. I did a local Google search, checked here on yelp and did some basic research. I wanted to find a person who had the results I was after. I felt this would be a good indication that they could help me get the similar results. Who wants to be trained by someone who lacks the discipline to do what they tell you to do? I also wanted to find a person who was kind, but who would also push me. Tony is that guy. He's great trainer. A REALLY nice person who I am always happy to see and someone pushing me beyond where I could get myself. I simply could not push myself as effectively and with the precision he does. Plus, he's deep into organic, clean nutrition. What more can you ask for? 

Simply put,  If you're thinking about taking your health beyond the next level, this is your guy.

Rich. They have a wide variety of microbrews and good food. My favorite is the pepperstromi with cheesy tots. My only complaint is they keep the bar dark.. 08/05/11

I went during happy hour. I had two mini-margaritas, which were good.

I also has the rum soaked puerco tacos. They were very good. The serving "rack" is a nice gimmick, but I'd prefer a normal plate.

The coconut flan was delicious. 

The service was fast and friendly from beginning to end. Upon entry to the location, I could smell something very pleasant, although I could not determine the source. It was not a food type smell and was not overpowering. I'd like to know what it is, so I can use it in my house.. I've been come to King Gyros for years.  It's family owned and the lady who works the counter is always super nice.  The food is excellent.  The sauce for the gyros is amazing and goes great on everything.  It's a type of tzatziki sauce, but it tastes different.  I know they add dill to it, but it's the best tzatziki sauce I've ever tried.. Excellent food but snobish treatment. I would not know anything about this place if it wasn't for my cousin.  He introduced me to it about a year and a half ago and we make the drive just to go.  They have a great selection of food on the menu and have classic american dishes.

I usually get the BBQ Chicken Pizza and after I am done I just want another one.  They have great french fries and sweet potato fries.  One of the best things about this place is that it is on a farm (hence the name) so all the food is grown and cooked on the property.

The space is clean and somewhat chic, but not pretentious by any means.  They also have picnic styled benches outside that are great when the weather permits. 

Recommendation:  To anyone that likes american styled food and wants to eat like a champ.. Was visiting from out of town and did a drop in class with a friend that trains here.  Great bunch of guys, quality instruction, and some top notch rolling afterwards.  Welcoming atmosphere.  You come to Vegas for sin and debauchery, pack a Gi and come here.. We dined here on Father's Day as a recommendation by the concierge, and I must say, it was good advice.  Situated directly across from the Bellagio Fountains, this restaurant offered a pleasant experience on a beautiful day, and we sat comfortably on the semi-outdoor patio despite the summer heat.

The Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine was excellent.  The buttery taste of the salmon and egg contrasted very nicely with the capers.  Never before have I actually enjoyed eating the capers, so I would say that this was a good sign.

The most notable dish ordered was the Seafood Crepe.  The seafood was amazingly fresh, a great feat for an inland barren desert, and it was all served in a rich, savory cream sauce which brought it all together.

To top it off, we had a Strawberry and Lemon Sorbet, made from scratch.  The sweet berry naturally went well with the citrus, and it was a wonderful way to finish our lunch.

Moreover, our waitress was attending culinary school to become a chef, so she really knew her stuff, not to mention the service was great.. Great burger, with great fries (unfortunately extra -- the tortilla chips it comes with by default are good, but seriously it seems like a cop-out). The waiters were knowledgeable and friendly, but not overbearing. The vibe is, as people say, dark but cool, and it is very difficult to spot if you don't already know where it is.

One weird moment -- the first time we ever went to Farren's, my gf asked the waiter for a beer recommendation and received a "Wheach" -- a Peach Wheat. This was a very good selection, as it combines two of her favorite things: fruit-flavored beer and puns. The next time we went back, she asked for the Wheach -- and the waiter had no idea what we were talking about. Not "we're out" or "it's no longer in season" or "we no longer carry that" -- he had never heard of it. All of the beer we've gotten there since has been solid, but we never saw the Wheach again..... I had an appointment at the Tenaya office on 4-7-14. It was for a CT scan of my jaw/nose, and an MRI of my lower spine. I found a parking spot close to the entrance, as my walking ability has deteriorated quite a bit, that, and I had just had plantar callouses removed underneath each foot. 

I entered the building, signed in, and sat down. I was called shortly thereafter and I produced my ID and medical card. The attendant at the desk I saw was a Hawaiian/Samoan/Asian male. Heavier set, with a part in his hairstyle. He was very nice and helpful signing me in. After about a 45 minute to an hour long wait, I was called to the back. An older lady walked me to the back, told me to change, lock your stuff up, etc. 

I started filling out some papers for the CT Scan. The CT Scan attendant called me back with him. He was a Hispanic male, bald headed. He had a good conversation with me, asked me why I'm getting a CT Scan on my nose. That was done fairly quickly, and I finished my paperwork and moved on to waiting for the MRI technician.

The MRI technician called me and walked me to the MRI area. She was nice. An attractive white female, very helpful, very talkative. She helped me on the table, and I got to do my MRI feet first, rather than head first. That made a big difference. I had a head first MRI before at UMC. I was short of breath, nauseous, and claustrophobic. 

This time it was better. I had a regular MRI, then I had to pause and get a contrast IV administered. That went well, and went pretty quickly too. Both of these were much faster than the MRI had just 1 year earlier at UMC for the same thing. I don't know if the equipment was better, or the technician, but it went smoother this time. Kudos to the technician for finding my vein on the first try also. I don't like being stuck once, let alone twice.

After my MRI, I got dressed, found all of my belongings still in the locker. My wallet, phone, keys, clothes, shoes. I was happy about that. 

On 5-1-14, I returned for my films and results for my CT Scan and MRI. I went to the front desk. They told me to use the phone on the left side and dial the extension. I spoke to the lady who answered, who just happened to be the older lady that took me to the back the first time I was there. 

She told me they'd be ready in 30-45 minutes. In exactly 43 minutes, they were ready. She came to the front and talked to me friendly and gave the films and results to me. She also gave some advice on how to handle the films when I asked her. Overall, I've had a positive experience with Steinberg Diagnostics, and its staff.. This restaurant is a true hidden gem on our little Island.  It is small and you are treated like family when you dine here. 

I was not sure if I should write this review, it is already booked ahead of time and reservations are strongly recommended - the more people know about it... The harder it will be for us "locals" to get in.

This is not a commercial franchise style restaurant, they basically have 2 "seatings" and this historical dining room (the old Viger house living room) sits about 30 people.  

It is a true pleasure and the quality value is outstanding.  if this restaurant were in Old Montreal, you would be paying double the price and it would already have some major write-ups!

BYOB as well - added bonus!!!

Well done!

Eric. I don't agree with Chick-Fil-A's politics, but I really agree with their food. Love the chicken, love love love the fries.  I understand this isn't a 5-star fancy pants restaurant, but this place really does deserve 5 stars in the fast food realm.  The place looks fabulous (in comparison to other fast food joints), is super clean, and the workers are all happy and go out of their way to help.. Delicious, fresh, reasonable. Something for everyone.
Expect to wait, but it's worth it!. This place is a local favorite! The food is always fresh and very affordable, I've been coming here for a few years now and I would highly recommend stopping by whether you're just visiting the Las Vegas/ Henderson area or a local.. I don't get over to this side of town much but on the way home from camp, the little mouth was hungry and I recognized the name from the Duchess' checkin.  We were not disappointed.  The staff was amazingly friendly, starting us off with a sampling of the meats and an explanation.  The little one (not so little at almost 10 years old) got a burrito with the Kalua Pork and I got a steak bowl.  The seaweed rice was excellent and the mango corn salsa gave it a nice flavor.  The big hit was the pineapple jalepeno hot sauce.

I don't just hand out 5 star reviews but when a restaurant does exactly what they are supposed to do they deserve it.  They aren't a fancy dining establishment but I really cannot think of one thing I would change about this place to make it better (ok I would move it closer to my house.). It took a few visits, but once Kyara grew on me, it's become a favorite!  Every time I eat here I try something new that I really enjoy.  Which is more than I can say about that other place that starts with an "I."  In-N-Out?  Island Style?  Anyways.  Point is, it's rare to visit a place multiple times and discover a great dish during each visit.  So what are the hits at Kyara?

Curry rice with Chicken Katsu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=87dospmcjfGzayBR-YnztQ): This is one of the lunch specials, and makes me wish I worked nearby!  The curry has a great balance of heat and flavor, while the katsu is lightly breaded and not burnt at all.  Highly recommended if you're in the area.

Garlic Chicken Ponzu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/82YGtjc5KKikNiqBZ33qzw?select=80gTRDZO6f20tLoWDYQY7w): At $5.80, this is a great portion for a tapas place if you ask me.  Garlic is delicious, ponzu is delicious, put them together and it's double delicious.

Aburi Shime Saba: Seared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce.  Mmm mmm good!  You get a good serving of mackerel with this dish.  It's also very lightly seared.  Like maybe the chef prepared the dish within view of a flame; that lightly seared.

Tsukune: Ground Chicken and pork skewer.  Tasty and freshly prepared.  A bit crisp on the outside with a hot and juicy interior.  

Service here has been consistently good, along with food quality.  If you're headed to Kyara, be sure to invite me along!. Glorious, utter glory.. Was told about this place through a friend. Went to see what the fuss was about and all I gotta say is wow! Great finds for reasonable prices. From music, collectibles, video games. HOUSE OF THE USED has your needs. Sold them a variety of my blu rays got decent bucks in return. Check it out if you're in the area!. Tried most of the dishes in the traditional Chinese menu, they are pretty good. Try Three Brothers, Mu Shu Pork, very tasty.. Yelpsters and the locals raved about this place so I stopped by for lunch and was not to be disappointed.  Ordered the Truffle parmesan fries which is enough for 2 people and the Spicy Miso Burger.  The picture does not do these items justice as this Asian fusion burger was over the top in my book and the truffle parmesan fries was one of the best that I have had. Service standards were top notch as I noticed the servers and bussers worked as a team and it was apparent that cleanliness in the "front of the house" was spot on!. We work nearby and Kopper Kettle is one of our go to places for lunch.  Food is always good and love the people who work there.  If you are needing a good home cooked meal you need to visit Kopper Kettle for lunch.  Love the baked chicken on Tuesdays and the chicken and dumplings on Wednesday!!!  Crew at Studio Displays. Great food and service. I eat lunch here a few days a week and burgers and wings are wonderful. Delicious meal!!!!!great service!!!well worth the detour we were coming back from Glendale and our car broke down.great place to get stuck.. The bread is utterly fantastic.  The sandwiches are tasty and the prices are reasonable.  It may take a little longer than Subway or Quiznos but trust me, it's worth it (you even get a beeper that buzzes when your sandwich is ready).  Earl of Sandwich needs to open a ton of new locations ASAP.. Bretton is a skilled attorney who knows his craft well.  He is knowledgeable and professional - essential qualities for any lawyer.  But what sets Bretton apart from everyone else is the personal interest he took in my case.  I felt that he truly cared about me individually.  I've worked with many lawyers and believe me, that kind of individual attention is rare.  I would highly recommend Barber Law Group for any legal needs you have.. The people here are amazingly nice. I've visited Gab's (pronounce with a long A) three times now. The first visit was outstanding in every way. Dropped in without an appointment. Taken care of quickly and at a fair price. The second visit? Less outstanding. By appointment, the parts ordered were incorrect and I left without the repair being done. It happens. I understand. A revised estimate for the repair, with the new parts, was more expensive than the original. The largest difference in cost was a jump in labor from $35 to $85. Was the repair more involved than initially expected or was I being asked to pay for the time wasted by their mistake? I'll never really know, but it kind of seems like the latter. I do know a couple hours of my time was wasted. Visited a third time. The repair was promptly made at the appointed time precisely at the estimated cost. Overall, two five star visits and one two star visit.  

I like Gab's well enough to give them another try. I like to buy cars new and then fully depreciate them, AKA drive them into the ground, before then buying a new one. I'm at the stage where I'm trying to squeeze another 20,000 or 30,000 miles out of a car before it bites the dust. Having abandoned overpriced Toyota dealer service for the remainder of this car's life, I'm still thinking Gab's may be the honest and affordable repair solution I'm seeking.. Wisconsin is known for beer - years ago my dad worked for Heilman Brewery in LaCrosse.  The tradition continues at the four Great Dane Brewery locations.

I had to try the cheese curds. I was so stuffed I could only order another starter.

I went for the Juicy Brewskies - bratwurst and cheedar sliders with carmelized onions, dill pickle slice and horseradish mustard on a pretzel bun.  It was so big, it didn't ever fit in MY big mouth!  When I tried to squeeze it down, the cheese oozed out of the bratwurst patty!

The other food item I ordered was BEEF JERKY.  They have a jar of homemade beef jerky sitting behind the bar.  For $3 per piece, it was very fresh and tasty, albeit a tad bit salty.  Overall was perfect to go with the IPA I enjoyed.

The place was crowded for a snowy January Tuesday night in Madison... lots of different age groups and types of patrons.  In the other room were pool tables, and I didn't look around much beyond where we sat in the bar area and watched (then) #3 UW lose their first game of the 2014 season to unranked Indiana (boo!)  Despite the loss, the mood of the bar was lifted by the good beer and food.. Love JET, 

Me and the guys made a trip to Vegas early last year and had bottle service. 

Pricy?? Yes... Our tab was around $1400.00 or so for a couple bottles of Goose, Jack Daniels and Red Bull/ Mixers. 

Best part about this type of treatment.

Your own security guard.

That's right, your OWN SECURITY GUARD.

Why? 

How many times have you needed to go to the bathroom only to be pushed around by the masses as you aimlessly make your way toward the restroom and the journey ends up consuming over half an hour. 

Ramon (our private guard), led the way for us each and every time we needed to use the facilities, as well as, kept away gold digging girls and douche-bag guys trying to smooze in for a free drink unless you give specific permission. 

If you have a group, muscle it up and go for this service, you won't be disappointed.. Words cannot describe how good their sandwiches are, so I'll let these 5 stars do it for me.. The best barber shop in the valley. Every time I come I get the best cut at a great price.. Thanks to Opentable.com I was able to make table reservations for our group of 9. Customer service was everything you could ask for in an upscale restaurant such as Sushisamba; they were attentive with all of our requests and the wine list they offered was rather impressive. The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter.. We've been to Char Bar a few times and have always had an exceptional experience.  We combine it with weekly grocery shopping at Publix next door.

They have excellent drink specials every day and the menu offers some jazzed-up traditional pub items at reasonable prices.  For instance, there are about 10 different salads you can choose from, and if none of those work for you, you can build your own.  There are even more burger options.  

We usually order a sandwich/burger.  They offer MUCH more than just your typical burger with cheese, lettuce, and tomato.  Last night, I ordered the CB7 Burger, which was blue cheese cole slaw, apple wood smoked bacon, swiss cheese, and their CB7 sauce on a pretzel roll.  YUM!  You also get a few different options as a side (tater tots, please!).  All for about $10.  The burgers are always so big and flavorful, too.  

We usually sit indoors at a high-top near the bar, but we have ventured outdoors once.  They have a nice, good-sized outdoor patio on the side of the restaurant that offers a great atmosphere and plenty of fresh air.. I'm getting to the stage wherre I'm starting to think bothering about fashion is a bit, for want of a better word, wussy, so thankfully shops like Solo exist to ensure I can go somewhere to buy clothes that look alright without trying too hard, and aren't being worn by people who watch Skins.

A nice little independant clothes store, and given that my jeans are literally falling to pieces, a likely stopoff point for me on payday next week.. Ah yes. The infamous FireFly. Excellent sparkling sangria. Awesome tapas. Dinner...AND a show! 

If there was a Housewives of Las Vegas, this would be their major hangout spot. Seriously.. Thanks to DD&D for pointing out this little hidden gem. The place remind me of a dive bar that serves some gnarly food.
I had the taco combo which come with your choice of 4 tacos and 2 two sides.
-Pescado, Nice pieces of tempura battered fish with nappa slaw and guac. nice and refreshing
-Texano, barbacoa pulled pork with sour cream. had a smokey flavor to it. Just ok for me
-Bombay, Amazing flavors with chicken sauteed in yellow mint coconut curry finished with a Tamarind chutney curry. A must try!!crazy flavors for a taco but it works for me
-Shanghai, Another culinary success! Wasabi seared steak and the wasabi crema really stood out. This taco made me want to go beyond the 4 tacos i had into the food coma. I kept my composure and decided i will return very soon!. If there's one show in the sub-$70 category to watch while in Vegas, it is this! I've seen Carrot Top more than once in the past couple of years, and it's been a blast every time. His jokes come out like rapid-fire, oh if only he would slow down and stretch it out into 2 hours! For the amount of material he covers in 1.5 hours, you are more than getting your money's worth.

Tips:
- Carrot Top has been around for awhile so its easy to get his tickets at Tix4Tonight. We paid approximately $50 for the top-tier $70 tickets.
- No shows on Tuesdays nights.. The IPA is mighty tasty. Kinda boring and hipstery though. I bet they're making a killing at 5 bucks a draft beer.. I rate this show as one of the very best FREE things you can do in Las  Vegas.
For 15 minutes the dancers at the Rio give it all they have on a small stage in the Masquerade gambling are of the Rio.
Their performance is the equal of many shows you pay afternoon vegas prices to see. 
Along with the dancers, there are a variety of floats that swing by over the stage. I understand that you can buy a place on one of the floats, so you can be a part of the show. 
When the show first started a few years ago, the "Brazilian Carnivale" performers would parade through the casino trying to generate that party atmosphere for the show. 
They may still do that, but I have not observed the parade during the past few times I have watched the show. 
The performers throw out beaded necklaces during the show, always a treat for those that catch them.
What you want to catch is the high energy performance of the dance troupe. They are supurb.
Great show, even greater price.. They close at 8:00 PM on weeknights. I pull in at 7:50 wondering will they be open?  If so, will the food be leftovers?  

Heck. Open? There was a line at the counter!  Took me 5 minutes to get to the front of the line. This was a good thing. Bobbee's is not only open but thriving. A great thing. 

As usual Bobbee was there with a friendly greeting. Service was good and friendly. And of course the bbq was excellent. 

I had the brisket dinner and as usual it was delish in every way. 

And as always, thanks Bobbee.. Best sushi I've had! So many different items to choose from. There's a lot of items on the menu that other sushi places charge more, but here, it's all included in all you can eat. The flavor and spices they use are amazing. I recommend this place to any friends that come from out of town.. Very nice place excellent staff each one of them greeted me. The sushi was prepared fresh. Got the sushi very quickly. I had the spicy tuna and avocado maki rolls and they were very very spicy but very delicious! I also had shrimp maki rolls, very tasty. 

All in all if you're looking for a good place to get some very fine sushi this is the place to go. The quality matches the price everything was very very good. I had a great experience here and recommend it to everybody.. As I am from NYC area, finding a good deli/bagel is a hard thing to come by.
Bagel Cafe comes very close. The bagels are very good, they have the cookie bar that compares favorably to deli's back east, their Challa is excellent and makes fantastic french toast, and they have a vast variety of cream cheeses.

The dining area is a great place to enjoy some good Matzoh Ball soup, however, it is a very busy soup with noodles and carrots drowning out the small matzoh ball. (A good Matzoh Ball soup should have the Matzoh Ball on display in the middle of the soup.)

I was not impressed with the Corned Beef sandwich, nor did I think I would be having yet to find quality corned beef outside of NY or to a lesser extent, LA.
What was disappointing is the photo on the menu appeared to be piled high but the sandwich I received had a much more pedestrian helping of Corned Beef, most likely due to the rising cost of meat.   The rye bread was cut too thick and overpowered the sandwich but was a tasty bread in and of itself.

I do enjoy that they sell Dr. Brown's black cherry soda, Wise potato chips, and day old bagel chips and breads.  The deli meat counter however is often overpriced for the same boar's head meat you can get at the supermarket and the Lox prices are extremely high.  But go with a lox cream cheese which has large chunks of lox but is reasonably priced.. Definitely a must try if your in the mood for ribs. Hot link was tasty!!   Brisket was just ok but all in all a great little joint.   I'll be back for more!!!!  Don't forget the fried okra!. Researched glasses for a while...Bottom line, there is a "difference" when buying cheaper vs. expensive prescription glasses...Golden Eye Care gives you the best. There storefront is around the corner, and to tell you the truth, the most convenient...The help in this place has beautiful faces, and a willingness to get you in the right direction! I would trust this store again, and will recommend others as well...One recommendation is take a picture of your storefront and/or the staff at your store...I think more people can relate to just a "generic" picture.... Very nice La Quinta Hotel- checked in late and was accommodated by a friendly staff. Room was big and spacious and did not look dilapidated- 

Been staying in La Quinta as I make my way across country due to pets- & this very pet friendly hotel is a blessing. 

No complaints on my end- I even forgot an IPad there and they held it for me - which is a rarity.. In NYC that would have been gone. 

Highly Recommend.. Here is a great place to go hangout and find like minded vaporheads. Nice cozy front end with displays of hardware with a casual but smart decor. Just to left and on back is a spacious hangout. There are TVs displaying sports, baseball at the time, comfy chairs,couches a pool table, work table and a juice bar where you can talk with the very knowledgeable and SUPER friendly Sharon. I am pleased that someone decided to open a friendly and comfortable vape place on the west side.  Apparently Saturday night is coil building and they have a large table with chairs to accommodate quite a crowd. Great mix of juices I recommend the house juice Lokis Elixers especially the drip specific Enigma.. I am a visitor in a strange land. OK, so not really that strange but none the less being from Austin, TX I don't get to see many mountains. This place kind of looks like what i picture mars looking like. Anyway, I degrees. I got to my hotel and in a attempt to save my company more cab fair i searched for a local place that delivered to my hotel. So I hopped on yelp, as is the usual case, to find a good spot and i landed on Queen's Bakery & pizzeria. 

Enticed by their offerings i called them up and told the woman on the line that I would like to make an order for delivery. Then to my sadness she informed me that they do not offer delivery. Has my Yelp forsaken me? She apologized, I assured her that it was fine and that I would still be interested in walking to the restaurant and getting an order to go. Well Shelly (The woman on the line) would hear nothing of it. She informed me that she was about to leave work and that my hotel was on her way home so she could bring my order too me. ( It's no surprise that at this point I (Heart) Shelly). 

About 30 minutes later Shelly gave me a call to inform me that she had left and was on her way. I met her outside of the lobby, got my pie, exchanged pleasantries and retreated to my room to enjoy the delicious smells that were coming out on the box 

I ordered Kind "O" Hearts, a choose your own 6 topping monster of a pizza. Hearty enough, even with my large appetite to give me three meals worth of food. You wouldn't know it (or maybe you do I shouldn't assume) but Austin has it's fair share of great pizza. Whether you get Home Slice, East Side Pies, or South Side Flying Pizza they're all tops in my book and this pizza was right up there with them.

You can tell that dough is home made, and the toppings are plentiful and fresh. I'm so glad that (A Thai place that is in the same area that I'm not sure if I can say their name) didn't pick up the phone each of the three times i tried to call them or i would have missed out on this wonderful experience. And again, Thank You Shelly. Really good, fresh food. Thick clam chowder with lots of clams. Try hush puppies substitute for coleslaw and steak fries instead of thin fries.. This hole in the wall offers some of the best doughnuts I have ever tasted. Deep in the heart of Chinatown, this place can be easily missed. The atmosphere is really crumby; I bet most of their business is takeout anyway though. Their doughnuts totally make up for anything this place is lacking. 

We bought quite a few doughnuts and the lady even gave us a couple in a bag for the ride home. They were great. The apple fritter was my favorite!. Being in the Carpet Cleaning business for the majority of the 80's, I consider myself somewhat of an expert in the business.  Sure a lot has changed since then but I still know a great company when I see one.  
After visiting their website and learning their Mission was the same as mine.....
To grow their business one client at time by building long standing relationships that will make you proud to refer them to your friends & family.
I was sold.

Carpeting looks great.  Awesome job guys.
A class act from the moment of scheduling an appointment to the firm handshakes after the job was completed.  

There is absolutely NO reason to look any further than Noble Carpet Cleaners..

Live long and prosper fellas !!. The bus from Philly came and stopped right here at Philly's Famous. Quite possibly the best Cheesesteaks in the valley. Worth finding this little spot in a strip mall, especially if you haven't had breakfast as they will fill you up. I haven't had a sandwich that has been bad here yet. Just be prepared though, others do know about this spot and sometimes you are going to have to wait a bit to get your food, but it's worth it, so go find this place when you aren't rushed for lunch and maybe when you have some time to nap after.. yes, it's good. and yes, the prawns are good.. This place is pretty darn good, it's a fusion of Mexican style Hawaiian food. It reminds me a lot like Zabas with a Hawaiian twist. The portions are perfect for the price and the Coconut bark is delish!! It seems like the best bang for your buck is in either the bowl or the burrito. The tacos seems like you get less of everything but pay the same price. I love the chicken and steak with grilled veggies. If I could make a recommendation it would be to add a Mexican style hot sauce or salsa.. This place is real nice. I needed to get my car checked and they helped me at no charge. They were also very friendly and honest. The mechanic and manager was very helpful.. Back when they were still serving out of backyards, I got my wife, who is from Texas and is picky about Mexican food, to admit they were the best tacos she's had in Arizona. You won't regret a trip here.. I stayed here just as the switch to Planet Hollywood was being made.  I didn't have huge expectations, but was really pleasantly surprised.  The room was nice (standard Vegas amenities) with a big bathroom.  The service was good and there were plenty of small denomination tables for a small-time gambler like me.  Some of the other casinos are more my style (PH I was told is retro-70s) but it was still pretty nice.  The dealers were all pretty good.  A review of the buffet should probably be done separately but I would note that I was disappointed.  The shopping area was good (not that I really go to Vegas to shop).  The cocktail servers were prompt.  Finally, the room wasn't ridiculously expensive.  All in all this is a really good place to stay and gamble.. Much better than my local Nike Store.

Isaac K and Molly H manage this store and they have a great selection.  I spent to money I won at 

I didn't travel with luggage so I had it all shipped two day for under $40.  They provided email follow-up  w/a tracking number two days after my purchase.  GREAT service!. I have been here a few times now,  always sit at the bar.  Food has been great every time.  I have tried the Brussels Sprouts,  Wok Fried Chicken Kung Paper bowl,   Sicilian Turkey Meatballs,  Sweet and Spicy Chicken Noodle Bowl and they all were great.  Service at the bar is very down to earth,  super friendly,  a real good place with a great vibe.  Pet friendly patio is cool too,  and huge patio,  probably 30 tables out there,  loaded with dogs.... Amazing experience. Seafood platter was great, so was the lobster poutine. The deep fried mars bar was nothing like what you'd find at the fair- very good.. As you get nearer, the aroma of delicious grilled and charred beef meets your nose in a whirlwind of sensory overload that forces you through the doors of jacs. Do not fight this sensation.

This may have (definitely was) one of the best meals on a recent trip to Madison. The jacs classic burger was outstanding. The juicy grass-fed cow, sweet caramelized onions, and sourdough burger bun in particular were the stars of the show. It's a large burger, and my wife and I easily split it. We got the salad instead of frites, and it was a great accompaniment to the burger. We did try someone else's frites, and those were also delicious, though with the burger it'd be a heavy meal.

I would definitely return, and though I'd love to try the walnut burger, I don't know if I could tear myself away from getting another classic. Don't be a nincompoop, get it medium-rare for supreme juiciness. Why can't all burgers be that good?. Kingsley is the man.  He knows what he's talking about.  I've been a customer for over 15 years and I still love it.. I've been to this location a few times for routine services and for new tires twice.  The service is friendly and efficient like it is at most Discount Tire locations.  Their time estimates for getting work done have always been accurate, which is important to me so I can work it in between other appointments with my customers.  Every time I compare the price, nobody else sells them for less, even online.. Amalfi provides a nice combination of excellent Italian cuisine with a casual dining experience.  The atmosphere is personal and friendly, with the owner regularly conversing with his customers.  Their prices are also very reasonable, especially for the quality (and quantity) of their meals.  From their pastas to their pizza, they do Italian right!. It's been nearly 2 years since I've been back here. The first thing I noticed was that they now take credit card! The second thing? The food is still amazing. Going strong for over 50 years, Original Pancake House is a Scottsdale treat that you just can't beat! Try their daily specials; I had the Leo omlette and the salmon was rich and smoky. For a price that beats out your daily diner, stop in; but do it before 2 or you'll miss out!. Ein interessantes Hostel in Mitten von Edinburgh. Ich habe dort eines der letzten Betten bekommen und mich beim ersten Anblick sehr gewundert was ich in diesem Gebäude wohl machen soll.
Das Hostel ist eine Kirche, die wie ich vermute aus Kostengründen abgetreten werden musste. Das Kirchenschiff wurde in kleine Parzellen unterteilt, die jetzigen Zimmer. In den meisten schläft man mit 5 anderen Personen in bequemen Stcokbetten. Viel Platz für Gepäck ist nicht aber man hält sich dort eh nur zum schlafen auf, daher stört das nicht wirklich. Ein Manko gibt es allerdings, wer einen leichten Schlaf hat bekommt mit wenn am anderen Ende des Raumes ein Kind gezeugt wird, sich zwei Streiten oder ein Bettnachbar unheimlich viel schnarcht. Die Akustik in Kirchen war schon immer hervorragend.
Die integrierte Küche, die man mitbenutzen kann liegt im Keller und man findet alles nötige was man braucht.


 Dieses Hostel ist ein großer Anlaufpunkt für viele jugendliche Backpacker, die gerade in Edinburgh verweilen. Daher ist es sehr umtriebig und immer etwas los. 
Die Lage ist ideal, da man sich nach ein paar Minuten Fußmarsch im Zentrum befindet.


 Ein kleines Manko zum Schluss, wer mit dem Fahrrad kommt hat ein Problem. Es gibt keinen wirklichen Stellplatz für ein Rad. Draußen stehen lassen wird nicht empfohlen und innen ist kein Bereich dafür vorgesehen. Ich konnte es nach langem verhandeln im Personalkeller abstellen.


 Fazit: sehr billiges und zentrales hostel mit besonderer Atmosphäre. Man trifft viele junge Menschen und langweilt sich sicher nicht. Top location, wenn man nur die ein oder andere Nacht in Edinburgh hat.. It gets the vote as being the best library in Phoenix, but then agian it didnt have very good competition. I only dislike the employees about 50% to 75% of the time. At least they usually have what I am looking ofr I suppose.. Initially I went to this place for the tamales which were recommended by a coworker who is from El Salvador. Someof the people in my office also said that they were amazing (and I trust their opinions).  So I went in looking forward to that and ended up ordering all the pupusas as well. I must say I'm not a big fan of the tamales, they are too moist for my taste. The banana leaves do give a great flavor though. The true stars are the pupusas, which I had never had before and have since become addicted too. I literally order at least 6 for myself every time I go now. They are asininely delicious!!! I grab a large bite of pupusa and some of the curtido (a kind of slaw-ish awesomeness) and just chow down. Beware the post-lunch coma though as eating that many will knock the average person on their ass. This brings me to my one bone to pick with this stripmall gem, their coffee sucks! I was expecting super-strong coffee with mud at the bottom when I ordered the cafe listo but it tasted like gas station coffee. They didn't even have any milk, just powdered non-dairy nonsense...

I'm already a diehard fan but if they stepped up the coffee I would pretty much call it my mecca. This is the kind of food that makes all seem right with the world...

Holy Shit!!! I almost forgot about the ceviche! It's a little pricey but it is soooo worth it. I split it with one of my people at work and ended up sharing it with the whole office......very much against my will. People thought it looked so good they just kept poaching forkfulls off my plate. Definietly a must have dish. Beautiful environment, good food but not the best breakfast in town. The bacon, although very tasty, was paper thin, a bit light for me.  We enjoyed the setting and for the most part, the breakfast was pretty good. Be prepared to wait for a table, take a walk around the grounds and enjoy the farm's environment. I don't need to be a woman wearing these shoes, even looking at them screams money.  But more importantly, than money, is flash.  Or flashy.  You get the picture.

And being located in the Forum Shops is the right clientele for sure.. I wanted to do something special and different for my mother and girlfriend. I'd heard about lash extensions. I walked into Lets Lash and was immediately greeted with a smile & bubbly, gracious personality. Lori is the best! This place is incredible. The two most important woman in my life loved the experience and have already rescheduled for the future!!. Only had soup and salad and it is hard to mess it up but the soup (lentil) was delicious and most importantly it was hot. The house salad was adaquate.  Service was friendly and timely. I would recommend this bistro for its price and food. This place brings a little piece of California to Las Vegas! By far the best Acai café around! If you are in town you can't leave without grabbing a Acai Bowl!. Outstanding, authentic local style grinds. The portion sizes are LARGE, so go hungry. The chicken katsu was the best I have tried in Las Vegas. The lau lau (only available on Friday) was the only disappointment. It was small and the pork was very dry. Other than that, no complaints.. Nestled in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale's bar/club district, Hotel Indigo was a pretty quality stay, especially considering the price.  

With a rather modern/contemporary vibe, the hotel is a swanky joint that is really catered to the younger cliental.  If you're into the club/bar scene, this hotel is the perfect location if you don't want to make the drive home after.  That is exactly what a buddy and me did on Friday night.  Got a room for $80 and some change (which we spilt) and could enjoy the area w/o worry of driving intoxicated.  The rooms were clean and stylishly decorated and having a flat screen really was nice.  

As I previously mentioned, this hotel is definitely aimed towards crowds staying in the Old Town Scottsdale area.  Not really sure it would be convenient if you're planning to visit the entire Valley.  Overall, a great stay with a great price.. I haven't been back in a while, but I really like this place.

When my parents had a place over at the Pointe at Squaw Peak, I was in search of good NY pizza. 

I stumbled upon this place back in 96 and loved it!

I think there are plenty of other quality pizza joints out here now that are as good, if not better, but I would not hesitate for a second visiting Pat's.. The place is nothing special, but the sashimi was terrific.  Got some unfiltered sake and it was a great experience.  A lot of take out folks coming in and regulars in the restaurant. Good job.. Excusez-moi, madame, while I juggle this gelato and beer, while scouring the shops for the latest fashions. A mile that embodies America's virtues: shopping, eating, gambling, and indulgence. I like that it has an Urban Outfitters, Ben Sherman, H&M, and Sephora in one place. I don't like that I have to drive to Planet Hollywood to get here, though. Whatevs, you give and you take. Also a major plus, amazing views of the strip and insane drivers that cause mayhem in this glorious city near the entrance. I'm loving Vegas more and more each year. Happy New Year, y'all!. All the food is great!  A real authentic Italian chef and his family. Locally owned.  My favorite is the spaghetti and peppers!  My wife loves the lobster ravioli.. This place is solid for drinks.  I have been here twice and both time the drinks were very good.  The first time i had their drinks was a large green tea and strawberry with boba.  It was very good a little bit sweeter then i expected other than that it was really good.  The second time around I had the thai tea and that was fantastic.  The food on the other hand was not that great.  First of all i asked for the chicken dumplings to go, and she actually made them for here.  I did not have a issue with it but the dumplings were a bit pricey and the flavor was average.  I think i will go eat somewhere else but to hit my boba spot This is the place to go.. There are no peers to the Med Cafe in Madison, so I include Chicago joins in my comparison.

Breaking down each piece of the plate -The lamb/beef shawarma and pita are both good, but not as good as Pita Inn in Chicagoland. And yet....the total plate I believe surpasses Pita Inn - in large part due to the quality of the hummus which I smother on everything to give it that zest which puts it over the top.

Whenever downtown around lunch time - I'll stop by for a most satisfying meal. If only I could stop by for dinner I would be eating here a lot more.... I rarely review anything on yelp... but this place deserves it. I've been living in Phoenix for over two years now and have been in constant search of a great ribs place.  This is THE BEST ribs in town, in the valley, in AZ period.  I was so incredibly impressed I sat in the restuarant with a huge smile on my face. AZ is finally starting to feel like home when you find a stellar place like this.  If you are visiting and want BBQ, go here and only here. Don't waste your time or money anywhere else.

I ended up have the St Louis Ribs... absolutely killer. A huge slab of ribs. Either BBQ sauce compliments them perfectly. The rub is so incredible that you don't even need the bbq sauce. Seriously so good.

After the ribs I sampled the brisket and the turkey.  I felt like I was Guy Fieri on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. I couldn't give the own enough compliments on the food. I was floored at how good everything was. 

I also sampled the texas corn and the mac and cheese. 10/10 winners. I couldn't believe that everything I ate there was that damn good.  This place is batting 1.000. They hit it out of the park on every dish I had.  I can't say enough good things. 

Keep in mind this place is in the ghetto and is a bit of a dive. But in the persuit of excellent food, that should not deter you one bit. This place is a diamond in the rough.. My wife and I decided to give this place a shot, I don't understand the negative reviews because we absolutely loved everything about this place. Our waiter was Ken, he was friendly, attentive, and offered excellent suggestions. The food was amazing and cocktails came in a nice presentation. I got the enchiladas and the Lakeshore martini. Great atmosphere, great service, romantic lighting, clean, food to die for, it was a little smokey but we were sitting outside not a big deal. All in all a lovely experience, we will definitely be back.. I'm a local and frequent Ferraro's often .
I have always experienced excellent service and great food .
I have lived in vegas most of my life and have not found  better Italian food anywhere .
Where else in vegas you go and find the owner greeting you and the son as a chef .
I always recommend Ferraro's to my friends and they all thank me .. I've only been here once, as I just moved to Scottsdale, but the low carb breakfast was delicious. I'll definitely be back to try more. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I haven't tried most of their food. Definitely casual.. My gf and I had the privilege of again staying here for her annual company trip to Vegas. We love it here! If you're looking for peace and quiet but the convenience of the strip, stay here. Yes, it's high end, but it's super calm and serene in the room.

What I loved: the staff at check-in was extremely courteous and helpful; the pools are exquisite and pretty much suit any type of pool person(private pool, lazy river, wave pool); rooms and bathrooms are huge(bed is heavenly-like); loved the evening turn-down service. There's something about water on the nightstand and the tv playing relaxing music that just erases the trouble away.

My only negatives: it takes a while to get used to the signage and secret doors that lead from the 4 Seasons to the Mandalay Bay Casino. Also, $20 for an inner tube is a bit steep. 

You do get the best of both worls when you're at a hotel like the 4-Seasons, as you get the privacy especially if you wanna be with your special someone, yet still have the access of the casino and nearby casinos, clubs, etc. And surprisingly, I didn't have to Febreeze my clothes that much after returning.. When in Vegas, you have to go to a buffet. They're known for them. However, I'm not sure why they are known for them, because most of them are awful. But... The buffet at the Wynn is actually really good. The decor is beautiful, as is everything at the Wynn. It's a really nice place, not how I normally think of a buffet. They have a little bit of everything and offer an all you can drink pass (I think it's like 16 dollars or something) [[There is also an express entry line, it costs quite a bit more, but I think it's worth it to avoid the line]]  The all you can drink pass includes champagne, mimosas, I think bloody marys and beer and wine maybe. Its a pretty good deal. Of course if you're having a non alcoholic beverage its included in the price of the buffet. They also offer additional alcoholic beverages that you can pay for separately. 

It's by far the cleanest, best kept, and best value buffet on the strip.. Some of the best fish tacos I have ever had. The fish itself is very tasty (almost has a kind of Cajun seasoning) but the toppings are one of the highlights of the dining experience. They have a great selection of house made salsas, sauces, and other toppings for whatever taco you choose. Currently only offering corn tortillas but I have been told flour tortillas are coming soon. Staff is friendly and helpful. They do a buy 2 get 1 free deal on Tuesdays and the place is small so you may not find a table at lunchtime on Tuesdays! I rarely give out 5 stars but this is one of my favorite places for lunch so it's worth it...and worth you giving Tortilla Fish a try as well!. **Summary**
       - Seasoning - The options are Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. Hands down, the Hot n Juicy Special is the best. It's a mix of the rest and it's very flavorful.
       - Spice Level - The options are Less Than Mild, Mild, Medium, Spicy, and Extra Spicy. Be warned, their spicy level at mild is already pretty spicy.
       - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce.
       - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp or crawfish with Hot n Juicy Mild. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy.
       - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of the sauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.

**Price**
       - $9.99 per lb. Crawfish
       - $10.99 per lb. Shrimp
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the sauce for a day.. Korea House (or Maison Koreene) is a Korean BBQ (KBBQ) on Queen Mary. It wasn't busy that evening, but a few folks trickled in as dinner progressed. Their interior is homey, just like their food.

We had various plates, including: dolsot bibimap (C$9.95), jap chae (C$12.95), bulgogi jeongshik (C$12.95), and galbi jeongshik (grilled marinated beef ribs; C$14.95). The meats were tender, and the marinades a classic flavor. Plates of banchan included slightly fermented kimchi, pickled cucumbers, and bean sprouts. We shared some tasty twigim mandoo (fried dumplings; C$6.95), and the soondubu ($8.95) is pretty good. We washed everything down with water, tea, and of course, soju!

Our rockin' server (Emily) got us everything we needed.

While Korea House isn't the BEST KBBQ I've ever had, it was comforting, and provided a good value. Check them out!. This is the best Mexican food, the most authentic Mexican food, I've ever had in my life.  We were in the neighborhood and had heard about this place.  It doesn't look like much.  We were the only people there that were white, and nearly all the customers appeared to be Latino, which I assumed was positive.  
This place used to be called Cocina Latina and was listed in the Our State Magazine 100 places in 100 counties.  They still had the recommended food item, the enchiladas verdes con pollo on the menu.  It was fantastic.  The tortillas were clearly made from scratch and the homemade green sauce was spectacular and spicy.  We also had some homemade guacamole and an assortment of salsas that were brought to the table.  I'm still not sure what some of these salsas were, but they were all awesome.
I really enjoyed my experience.  This isn't gringo mexican, this is authentic.  Go for it!. I actually come to this place maybe once a week!  It's one of my favorite local hangouts. 

The food is really good and the interior has a comforting factor.  The employees that work there are friendly and give the restaurant some character.  It makes this great local joint to grab a quick bite to eat!

Whenever I eat there I generally get a chicken burrito or fish tacos (and potato tacos).  The fish tacos are extremely delicious! I would highly recommend this place for anyone who has not been there!

Friendly, quick, and delicious.  Yum, yum, burritos and fish tacos!! 

I highly recommend for convenient, delicious food.  A MUST TRY!!!. This is one of the few things that I enjoyed in Phoenix.  Actually, there is nothing else except the baseball stadium, and lots of spring training stadia...otherwise, Phoenix sucks...A city?   I think not.... Sunday.  10pm.  Just flew in from San Diego, and was starving and wanted a quick happy hour deal.  Decided I'd head to Brio.

Brio's kitchen was closed.  Was recommended to check out Petra or Bottles & Burgers.

Petra and Bottle's & Burgers were closed.

Drove across the street to Kona.  It was closed.

Walked to Gordon Biersch (now I'm slumming it).  It was closed.

Gave Ember's a shot, and amazingly they were open even though they weren't supposed to be (fantasy draft?). 

Looked over the happy hour menu, and the Crispy Beef Tacos and Goat Cheese Crostinis sounded good.  Asked the bartender if he had any recommendations from the menu, and he named exactly those two.  WIN!

Got a Hoegarden comped for playing some video poker.  Ended up winning $5, so thank you for paying me to drink.

Both apps were out ridiculously fast and were ridiculously delicious.  A tad overpriced at $7 and $6 for happy hour prices, but definitely flavorful enough to write it off.

If this place was open late, I would probably start making this my local bar.  Unfortunately, they close at old people hours.  Going to have to come back and do dinner here, the 2 apps were that good.. Can't get enough of this place. I have yet to have a bad experience or food that isn't absolutely perfect. One of my favorite places for lunch.. Good food, but a bit pricey. I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.. This is the best seafood market in Charlotte, hands down.  Super clean environment, super fresh fish, super friendly service.  While it's true that the prices are high, you are getting what you pay for in my opinion.  Follow them on Facebook because they are always posting a link to their blog.  They'll throw out ideas for recipes and what's arriving fresh that day.  I love skimming through it whenever I see a new post!  It's the best way to keep abreast of what's fresh off the boat.  The last time I was there, they had a wine rep giving out samples.  I found a nice Chardonnay that paired great with my triggerfish!  I love supporting these guys, check them out!. This hotel was waaaaaaay better than I thought it would be. I didn't expect much considering it was off the strip and the rooms were cheaper than the MGM, but Yelper reviews did not disappoint.

I stayed here two nights with my girlfriend for a quick getaway in a Deluxe room with a Kingsize bed. If you get a players card, you are entitled to meal specials at the bistro buffet. The pool was packed with lovely ladies (it's okay to look!) even on a Monday. I could only imagine what it's like Thurs-Sun. 

The hotel is home to a few clubs including the Playboy Night club, if that's your thing. It's really not mine but it felt comforting knowing that the Playboy Tower and its lovely bunnies were just across the way (lol).

I can't say we took advantage of all the amenities, but for what we did use there: the room, the pool, casino and the buffet, it was all gravy!

Staying here might be an inconvenience if you don't have a car, but if you do, just drive down the Flamingo, go one street passed the strip, make a right and find a parking garage to park in. We parked at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile mall and were able to access the majority of the strip from there.. Had such a great time this past Thursday night (10/22/15). Fair amount of open seating in the lounge area; perfect for people watching and eyeing the goodies at the Swarovski crystal kiosk (only in Vegas and only at the Palazzo). Not the largest selection of champagne, but it was a damn good one. Ordered a bottle of Veuve for $120 and a glass of Laurent-Perrier Cuvée Rosé for $28. Good times. 

Very friendly service, little bit of bar snacks to munch on (we didn't partake, but I'm sure they're scrumptious). 

Would definitely come back the next time in Vegas and enjoy more bubbles from this little piece of champagne heaven.. I have been here several times and the food is always awesome. The service is great as well however no much for talkers. Most of the time I go I order there Volcano Roll and let me just say that no one makes it as good as they do. I will be going back for more soon.. This is the one place I have to go to when I get into Vegas for one thing and one thing only.  It is called Sampan Crab.  It is so amazing that my review will not do it justice!

We went here at 12:30am right after the New Year's Eve fireworks show on the Strip.

We had the spicy cucumber as an app.  It was really good and tasted like authentic Korean Kim Chee with sesame oil added to it.  

The Red Curry with Beef was really good and tasted well when paired with the sticky rice.

But the Sampan Crab is the start of the night as it is every night.  This is by far the best Crab I have ever eaten in my life.  For $68 you get the head and a bunch of claws, arms, legs, body, etc.  The portion is so HUGE!  

The crab is moist and delicate.  The breadcrumbs mixed with the peppers and gaclic just work.  You can scrape it off the shell and eat it.  Then work your way into the flesh and the combination has to be one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life.  The order easily feeds 2 people.

I would highly recommend that anyone in Vegas go down here and eat this dish.  Just make sure you save some for me when I go back again.. I don't get excited about the burger wars.  By and large, it has been one disappointment  after another, the latest being Slater 50/50.  That is why I was really surprised by the flavor bomb dropped on me by this place.  Hands down, one of the best burgers ever.  The meat was beefy (almost grass-fed) and the potato bun was perfection, easily holding its shape.  4 stars there.  Unfortunately, the fries were a tad undercooked and a bit soggy.. We've been to a few different batting cages but we like this one the best. It is well run and everyone is very nice. The place is clean and the equipment is good. Keep up the good work.. This is the most amazing Mexican food restaurant I have ever, ever eaten at... Their food is incredible... I left Las Vegas 3 years ago and moved to LA and have eaten at 50 plus Mexican restaurants including the Velvet Taco and other such trendy places in Hollywood... Nothing beats this place... I am going to Vegas for a meeting... I am eating here...

I lived down the street.. I ate here 3 to 4 times a week... Try the Steak Cognac... I wish they were in LA... They would KILL.... Visitors to Las Vegas should enjoy this buffet. I recommend it. Maybe not the "best" buffet in Las Vegas, but still pretty good.

After remodelling a while back, I hadn't visited this restaurant until my mother stayed for the week at the Rio. I'm fairly satisfied with this buffet restaurant.

The Good:
Superb QUANTITY of choices.
Predictably good QUALITY of choices.
Our waitress was very, very friendly, talkative and flirty (maybe because she figured out I was local, employed, and dining out with my mother?)
Shrimp and Lobster galore.
Superb salad bar and desert bar (but I kept asking myself "Why come to a Seafood Buffet for salad and desert?")

The Bad:
Price. $40 per person. Grr. Maybe I expect too much.
Only shrimp and lobster galore. One or two other kinds of fish, maybe, and a token gesture of sushi.  This restaurant should be renamed Village Shrimp and Lobster Buffet.
The Ugly:
Cashiers (AGAIN!) with complete indifference and an uncomfortable rudeness. *sigh*
Very, very limited sushi, and the fish cut sooooo poorly I couldn't believe it. To Jose and Fillipe I say "POR FAVOR! Usted necesita una cierta educación sobre el SUSHI!!!"

For seafood lovers everywhere, this is a solid performing buffet.. Very cool out of the way place.  I think they cater more to the professional crowd that does entire landscapes and backyard makeovers.  This place has EVERYTHING!  Come here if you are planning to make changes.  It is an excellent idea stimulator.. I don't have much of a sweet tooth but this place deff changes that.  Well at least for me.  This is located about 5 mins into the Bellagio.  Its a very small place with a few seats for you to enjoy you bundle of sweetness.  We had just eaten lunch so we were already full which was probably a good idea or else it could have been dangerous.  We ordered some gelato which is made in house and also a pastry.   Absolutely amazing !!! and on top of that while we were eating it we were looking at the worlds largest chocolate fountain.  Incredible.  No matter how full you are if you are any where near the Bellagio you MUST visit this place.. One of my all time Favorites! I've been here quite a number of times including the one in Beverly Hills. 

The 'Spinning Bowl Salad' is one of the best salads I've ever had, their house dressing is exceptional. 

I always order the 'Lawry Cut' cooked medium-medium well and ask for bone-in (it just seems to have a bit more flavor, not that it needs anymore). The prime is fork tender, juicy and just right. 

For the sides, I love the creamed corn (melts in your mouth) and  the mashed potatoes (so creamy good). The Yorkshire pudding just soaks up some of the savory au jus sitting on the bottom of the plate and occsionally taking pieces off in between bites of the prime just compliments it greatly. I also want to mention that adding a bit of their mild horseradish condiment with the prime brings a another layer of creamy flavor that I must say is beyond delicious!

In regards to the ambiance, the place resembles an extra large dining area of a mansion with servers dressed in maid outfits standing by at your service.. Food is always good. Some of the servers, one female in particular with an engineers hat, are not very friendly. I'd note she is the worst because she is rude and makes us pause when we decide on where to eat. Usually the food wins out.  Anyway we like coming here aside from one or two waitresses.. Stayed for a week,
Great time. The best bloody steak and eggs in the world. I think I am going to have to come back just for that !! Staff treated me like a rock star Fabulous..... It's nice to swing by grab a $2 beer and sit on the patio, and chat with friends while all the pretty Arcadian locals come in to grab their superior breads and cakes.  I would expect a beer at a place like this to cost $5.  Nope.  It is only $2, while my own pretty little wife with her affluent proclivities finds, thinks, postulates and debates which bread will best suit our upcoming party.  I can sit back and have a reasonable drink for only $2 at a truly pleasant setting.. One of the best hotels I have ever checked-in in Vegas!! The room is hella nice with everything you need in it such as microwave, fridge, seating area, work area, etc! The staffs are pretty friendly and accommodating. The room is spacious and very decent for a fair amount of price. Free breakfast, wifi and parking too! I love this place!. After terrifying our entire group with talks of rattlesnakes and scorpions we were sent on our way to fend for ourselves amongst the desert creatures with nothing but a bandana and a dune buggy to protect us... and it was a blast!

Ok, that's not entirely true. We were briefed on the dangers of rattlesnakes and scorpions, as well as shown pictures of a giant one they had found a couple weeks back, but we were not sent out on our own... we had Tom as our guide. We took the dune buggy tour through the desert as the opening event to my bachelor party week-long extravaganza and had a pretty enjoyable time. All of the people we met at Fort McDowell Adventures were extremely knowledgeable and friendly and had everyones safety as their top priority. So while he did show us pictures of a rattlesnake, I don't think anyone was worried about getting bit. 

The dune buggies themselves are Tomcar Israeli combat vehicles, so they weren't quite what I was picturing in my head. These have windshields and are a little higher off the ground that what I was expecting. And I think we all had something a little different in mind than what the tour turned out to be. 

The tour itself lasted about 2.5 - 3 hours with a couple stops along the way to stretch our legs, switch drives, take pictures and listen to Tom talk history for a few minutes. He was very informative, but he could tell that we just wanted to drive... which is also why we got done with the tour a little early. And as far as rattlesnakes go, there was 1 just off the trail as we were driving by, but he just sat there and wagged his tongue at us as we drove by. 

We all had a good time, but I think we were expecting a little more, which was probably our fault. When I heard dune buggies in the desert I immediately thought of huge sand dunes that we'd just get to tear around in for a couple hours. Definitely not the fault of Fort McDowell Adventures at all, just my imagination getting the best of me. We still had a lot of fun and it was a cool experience. I am a little upset that we bypassed what appeared to be an incredible incline that we could have raced up, but other than that I was pleased with the experience. 

Here's a tip, if you want to take pictures, don't be afraid to bring your camera along. I left mine in the car as I wasn't sure how it would fare on the trail, but as long as you keep it in a front pocket I think you'll be ok...just don't blame me if you do lose it.. French Laundry without the $300 tab.

Well... 'bouchon' means cork, so you're not getting the wine, I guess... but hey at least you get the smell.

BREAKFAST - just had it for my second time.
Quite yummy.  Sure its high priced, but my girlfriend swears by the beef hash, and I've enjoyed both the french toast (I have a sweet tooth) and the croque madame.  The french fries are piled high, and I'm left feeling nicely full.

When we went recently, we had to ask for bread with the jam and butter.  C'mon guys - this is French Laundry restaurant don't be skimping on the bread!!!. The perfect place if you want to relax and be pampered Old School Las Vegas style. no rush but attentive staff. Just tell Vincent what you are having and let him take over with a great glass of wine. stay for the Bananas Fosters table side show and have a heater Brandy. The experience is even better when you go during the week. It does get a bit loud on weekends. From Dean's smile at the bar when you walk in, to the team of servers who work flawlessly together to make your experience great. Hugo's Cellar is special so get dressed up and treat yourself.. OMG! You would think that if you've been to one Gyro restaurant, you been to them all, but not so! 
I've been to almost every Greek restaurant in the East Valley from the one at McKellips and Greenfield to the one at Val Vista and Baseline but Gyro Place at Power & McKellips stands Heads above all the rest. 
The flavor & the quantity of their foods including all meats, hummus and salads wiill never disappoint. The unbelievable quality of the service will be consistently over the top and Maggie will treat you like family every visit. 
If you haven't tried Gyro Place, for wahtever reason, you owe it to yourself to give a try for lunch or dinner. They are the best.. Simply put? Amazing. Unless you're looking for another run-of-the-mill strip mall Thai restaurant. 

This is Thai fusion at its finest. From the ambiance, to the Veggie Roti to the Panang Neur and Pang Gari Gal, you'll discover a dining experience and complex, layered flavors that will have you planning your next visit with the first bite.. Heard alot about this place from several Chandler friends, and it lives up to its reputation. This was my first visit (a Wednesday about 1pm).

Ambiance was very chic and classy, yet still a nice contrast from Coach & Willie's across the street

My hostess/waitress was very pleasant and helpful (Tori S). I got oriented to the menu quickly with her assistance

I ordered the pad tai, papaya salad, and banana crisp - what delictable and tasty courses these were. Although a lower quantity of food, the quality was high enough that it worked out.

They even have bendy straws, which I like.

Tab was $14 plus tip - totally worth it. Wow. This Cirque show has impressed beyond what we've been to so far (Ka, etc).

I think the first impression I have is that all the music and singing is live. To be able to synch such with the performers takes a lot of practice and skill.

The second best feature is the great feats of human conditioning and athletesism that show through each act and performance. Watching two people balance one another into unbelieveable forms or watching a person juggle a giant 3d style box while suspended is just amazing.

So many great performances and acts to be seen in this show. Definitely worth the price you pay to watch.. ...described as St. Louis BBQ meets Kansas City BBQ. I don't know but I do know this stuff is TASTY!!! Maybe the best BBQ in the Phoenix area. I had the beef brisket sandwich with their Jalapeno BBQ sauce and potato salad and the mouth watering smoked Jalapeno 'muy caliente'!

They are closed on Sunday and Monday so you will have to wait until Tuesday to try it for yourself and agree this is THE BEST BBQ in town.

Oh but wait...they have a great beer selection too. I happened to have a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. Highly recommended with the Beef Brisket sammy!. pretty awesome place to be if you are gonna hit Fremont Street. this is the only place i gambled while in Vegas and i won a good sum of money without losing any the whole time. the people that work there are nice and very helpful too. everyone from their security to the janitors to the dealers were professional and had their shit together. im going back here next time im in vegas.. Very professional and friendly. Brought my car in for window tint and was out of there in 45 min. Super clean and fast.. This has to be my favourite Lebanese place in Montreal! This is coming from someone who is originally Lebanese and very picky!

Simply perfect! Food is so good and you can really taste how it's homemade!

I can't wait to go back! Reminds me of home :). Westin Lake Las Vegas Mother's Day Brunch 2014 was really great. 
Adults $50 + tax & gratuity. Kids 6-11 yrs $25.
Wait was only just over 10 minutes with reservations.
We have been going to Mother's Day & Thanksgiving Brunch here since owned by Hyatt, then Lowes & now Westin. 
The best brunch here was the last year owned by Lowes (5 Stars) when they served tons of Freshly Roasted Turkey, King Crab Legs,  Chilean Sea Bass, fresh made Crab cakes & Lobster Rolls to name a few.
I believe that was also the most crowded as they advertised early, posted on website calendar  & phone called previous customers.  
This Brunch is only served on Thanksgiving & Mother's Day. 
Sorry, but the worst brunch was the 1st year under Westin. 
OMG, No Roast Turkey on Thanksgiving! 
Pre-Sliced turkey served in brine juice along with the wet stuffing! Yes!
Much, much improved since. 
This years Mother's Day Brunch was really very good. 
Overall 3 1/2+ Stars but kicked up to 4+ stars because of the King Crab Legs, Fantastic Lobster Ravioli w/large lobster clumps in Truffle Parmesan Cream Sauce, Clump Crab Benedict, Assorted Sushi & Asian dishes, including the delicious Honey Walnut Prawns.
Missing was "melt in your mouth"Chilean Sea Bass & "juicy, tasty fall apart" Short Ribs.

See other photos posted on Yelp. Don't know why only 10 photos shown here?

Service was great & attentive by all, Managers down to servers & valet.

Looking forward to Thanksgiving Brunch 2014. 
Hope they consider serving the same Lobster Ravioli w/lobster clumps or maybe Lobster Roll, Chilean Sea Bass, Short Ribs, Honey Walnut Prawns & of course Roast Turkey.. This place is surprisingly good. Service was.....interesting. But pizza was fresh out of the oven and tasted good. I'll be back again.. I go to the shop off the 51 and Bell Road in Scottsdale. Very efficient service. Happy employees. Great manager(young lady with blonde hair) always singing and smiling. Always gets my order correct. Pricy sandwich, yes, but quality ingredients. I'll always return to same store on my way to and from Tucson.. I had an oil change today at the tire works on south Jones  and I all I can say is every one there was very nice and we'll coming and very professional.  A shout out to Joshua Munsinger at the desk he help me out a lot  great guy, and also Billy and the other staff will definitely come again.. Hamburgers....what's the big deal?? With so many burger joints in town offering "the greatest burger you've ever had", why should I Love Burgers be any different??? Well guess what? Not only are they different, but they're THE BOMB!!!  Now granted, the burger prices are a lil on the heavy side...but hey...you get what you pay for....and the burgers here are definitely worth it!!!!  Next time you're at I Love Burgers at the Palazzo, ask for JENNY as your server....she was THE BEST!!!! With such 5 star service from Jenny and delicious burgers to top it off I will definitely be coming back for seconds and thirds and so on!!!!!!. Been looking forward to this place opening since they put up the awning 2 weeks ago. Had a tasty, tender brisket sandwich! Cured and smoked on premises. My wife had the T.O.M., a brisket with gravy on a challah with a wonderful Kishke!  Topped it off with their Grilled Babka with Salted Caramel Ice Cream. Lovely! We will definitely be back! (Suggestion: I would love them to serve some fires and knishes!). They don't do reservations but they do call aheads which is basically a reservation. Small but cute so be prepared to sit outside. If you're not use to a lot of true Italian ingredients you may get lost in the menu...BUT the staff is super friendly and will help you understand. Food was quite good. The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 was the atmosphere of workers not quite sure what to do. Party of 7, no seating... Where do we sit them? At the bar. Where did walk carry out customer go.. I don't know. Who fills the ice? Apprehensive about asking who gets bill. It just seemed like they were brand new.. Maybe they were. Overall good place to eat!. Great Sonoran dogs and shrimp burritos. Good prices (cash only) but you have to eat outside and you're definitely not paying for the atmosphere.. The night we went they had Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, Shania Twain and Elvis as the performers. Shania Twain was the best and was really into her character. Tina Turner sounded almost like Tina was in the room. Michael had some great moves and did a good job with the songs. Elvis did OK but was really funny. It is a good show to see if you want to listen to some music and relax for awhile. We saw this at the Donny and Marie Theater in the Flamingo.. get sean to tattoo you. Great location, great price! The hotel is one of the closest to the airport and it's right in the middle of the action. The beds are comfortable and you can spend a bit more for a larger room with two sinks and a large soaker tub and separate shower. Internet is a bit pricey at $13.99/day. 

There is a shopping mall attached complete with two ABC Liquor/Convenience stores (reasonably priced) as well as H&M, Bath and Body Works, and a few less expensive dining options. The restaurants in the hotel itself are good, however they're not the most affordable. This is common among the luxury hotels on the strip.. Smokehouse burger is great. I asked medium I got medium well but still very good. In my experience, most tacos are low on creativity, and stingy with the good stuff.  The PGH Taco Truck is a revolution in your mouth.  

These culinary acrobats manage to keep 2 wheels of their taco truck balanced on a tight rope of traditional mexican fare and 2 wheels on a tight rope of culinary explorations, all while racing full speed ahead!

Get ready for:
Chorizo, jerk chicken, cheddar, sauteed onions and mango.
Organic ground beef with tomato and Hatch chilis.
Chicken with sweet Thai chili sauce.
Roasted garlic ground beef with Italian gnocchi.
Potato and lentil pumpkin squash curry.
Chicken verde (cilantro, tomatillo, Vidalia onion, jalapeno and Anaheim chilis).

High on taste and creativity, low on cost and pretension, it's all made fresh, made fast, and made with love.  I can give or take ice cream, but if I see this truck going down the road, I'm chasing it down!. Love the food great location and great customer service and great breakfast and lunch menu items. Updated booths n interior. Great atmosphere the best part about coming to this location other than the food that I love so much it the new manager April Melton is at this new location from the location I used to always go to. She has the best customer service skills I have ever ran into in the restaurant business. I can tell u this location is so beautiful with great food n staff I will continue to drive from Laveen Az (where I live) to this happy valley location every weekend to enjoy my breakfast/brunch. I hope this review helps all reviewing this.. They have a great selection, some very good blends and are reasonably priced. You buy by weight, so you can just get a very small amount if you only need to use it in one recipe. I will definitely be back again.. I called Drago Sisters Bakery last minute after seeing the reviews on yelp. We were flying into Vegas for my parent ' s 50th wedding anniversary and we overlooked a cake. They were able to accommodate me and deliver the cake to the restaurant with no issues. Since I made the call before the flight, I didn't know what to expect walking in the restaurant. I was extremely happy with the design of the cake as well as the cake itself. THANKS DRAGON SISTERS!!!. Probably the only authentic Japanese restaurant in Charlotte. They have the regular bowls and dishes served in normal every day meal, not just sushi. Personally I like the tonkatsu ramen and all the bento items. Unagi (broiled eel) here is just ok. I agree with Peter.  This is a very expensive fish restaurant and sushi bar.  

Was OK, but hard on the expense report ... Greeted by a friendly wait staff, and whisked away to a patio seat.  The patio is great for people watching or just enjoying the sunshine.  Table side guacamole, can't get any better than that.  One can taste the freshness in all dishes from carne asada to the cochinita pibil pork.  The meat and vegetables complement each other very well.. My sales director and I went in here for a quick biz lunch the other day. Good vibe walking in and friendly staff who shouted out seating instructions to us. Fast wi-fi was a bonus. Waitress (maybe manager or owner)  was a crazy col lady and helped us through the order process and some special lamb items we wanted ordered on the side. Gave us a free soup that was a surprise and tasty. My friend really liked the shrimp we ordered but it was a bit sweet for me. We also ordered lamb kabobs which he also liked but were a bit on the well side for me - tasty nonetheless. Gave it the extra star because we left with the feeling it's a cool place and wanting to come back and order something else. Cool BBQ store next door too.. I was here for a corporate event with eBay/Paypal, and they had rented the whole place out. There was a Journey tribute band call "DSB" (Don't Stop Believing) who were very good. 

The foods they served (buffet style) was awesome. It was somewhat standard... chicken fingers, pasta, shrimp. There was an open bar, and the drinks were all top shelf. 

I had been here before a few times for dinner, and it was very good. The dishes are always large, and the prices (for a resort hotel) are pretty reasonable for what your get. And there is almost always a band... so live entertainment is always a good thing.. Kristina, Blake, and the team provided world-class service during our visit. Will be back again soon!. Montreal. My old home.

As a fellow Yelper wrote, "This is a crazy city."  Never has a few words be such an understatement.  Founded by the French hundreds of years ago, conquered by the English, then evolved and grew into a unique creation of it's own, Montreal is the city of culture, of both extreme tolerence and hatred, of quiet moments and bloodthirsty riots, and of the simple joys yet complex as life seen through a kaleidoscope.  

It's a place that's been cosmopolitan for a long as the word has existed.  With it's reverence for the past, the mindset of the people are very much european in mind where the people work to live, where united they possess that joie de vivre that can only come from such a complex birth.  

Walk through the streets. It's alive... even when it's quiet.  The pulse of the city runs through the streets and the alleys, in the lights and the shadows and in the faces of the people old and young alike.  It's a city where corruption is ripe in the highest echelons of life, yet it's safe for a woman to walk across town alone at night.  Montreal is the place where barrels of bootleg whiskey to Al Capone was transformed into higher buildings of art, literature and education.  And it's the place where a people celebrate a victory or a loss in hockey with a riot of monumental proportions, yet can dance peacfully in the streets every summer in the hundreds of thousands.

It's the place as I said, built by the tensions of the 2 solidtudes, english of the west and the french of the east.  Both sides polarized in their love of their culture and their respective nations, whether it be the multicultural Canadian landscape or the uniligual french culture.   While time has slowly merged the two extremes a little closer in the newer generations, the past generations still fight in the war between either or, where the simplist things as posting an english sign could get you fined and charged.  Yet, actions such as hosting one of the world's largest gay and lesbian parties is not only embraced, it's celebrated.  That tension has brought forth a unique creative energy that has given birth to some of the world's finest chefs, writers, artists, dancers and musicians.

As the same aforementioned yelper noted, "it's not all good and golden".  Again, it's quite an understatement.  It's a place that is so dedicated to it's socialist ideals, that it's willing to bankrupt itself slowly.  Education is given cheaply, as well as child care, yet the roads are crumbling and the bridges are on the verge of collapse.  Health care is given to all, but done so by underfunding their doctors and nurses.  

As you can see, Montreal is a land of contrasts, but for almost all that have left the isle for new pastures, it's still a place where we expatriots will always hold in our heart as our spiritual home.  Merci Montréal, nous vous aimons.. Before heading back to L.A. I figured I had to fill up my tank of gas. I came across this Arco station with extremely decent gas prices. I said, "what the hell, can't beat that!". I went inside to pay and grabbed a few snacks. The convenience store was well maintained with nice employees. I will definitely stop by this business next time I'm in Vegas.. I moved to the area of Kids Garden and needed a new day care for my 4 year old. I toured all of the facilities in the area and this was by far and away the most professional, organized, and best curriculum daycare in the area. It starts at the top by the director and front desk who you can tell have the experience and pride In giving you the value and trust you look for when you are leaving your child with them!. We love Fez!!!!!! We're from Tucson and always stop here. We had both Saturday dinner and Sunday brunch. Great food and service.. Beep boop Vegas-bot errorrrr errorrrr, cannot compute, cannot compute.

Seriously, how on earth is is possible to get top of the line sushi... in the middle of the desert. Naked Fish puts coastal sushi restaurants to shame. I don't know how they do it, but they have some how managed to provide a great sushi experience without a natural body of water in sight.

We were on the tail end of a road trip when we decided to make a Vegas detour and being the sushi-monsters that we are sushi was on the brain. Yelped and found Naked Fish.
Went in, nice atmosphere, dark wooded and cosy. 
We ordered the Naked Crab for appetiser, which was very nice. We then proceeded to order 2 rolls and then a third. For the first two we had the GTR, spicy tuna and shrimp tempura together is always a hit, and then the Kamikaze, which I loved as I'm an eel fan. For our third, Deja Vu, spicy salmon, with salmon on top of it, super salmon all around.
I really don't know if sushi can get any better in Vegas. I really want to find out, but this place was great by any standard.. Alas, this location has closed in late March. :( 

Been a Bruggers fan since I lived in Colorado, but all the ones in Central Phoenix keep closing.  Having a bacon, egg and provolone breakfast bagel and coffee was a weekly tradition.  I like how this location used to always play '70s soul music.. I selected Mastros as the place to celebrate my 50 year bday with family. I read a lot of reviews which I was hoping the experience on this special day was as satisfying as everyone has written. 

Mastros was "awesome". Bobby was our server and he is fantastic. He explained everything in detail on how the menu works to all the preparations of their very delicious food. Our table started with some Blue Points and Oysters Rockefeller,outstanding. Next, the bone-in filet, rack of lamb and the Prime Rib was our main course along with some garlic mash, asparagus, twice baked and sauté mushrooms. Everyones meal was prepared to perfection and the flavor of everything was delicious. The steak, rack of lamb and prime rib melt in your mouth.

The music put a nice touch on the evening. Book your reservation now and ask for Bobby

Cheers!. Not sure what other folks were expecting when the came here. If you're looking for a hip bar to get dressed up for with the latest brews and drinks this isn't the place for you. Want a neighborhood English pub in downtown Phoenix? Step right in.

Inside of a redone old house is a laid back place which is great for coming to hang out with some friends and have a few beers. We went on a slow night which may have helped with the ambiance. The service was a bit on the slow side at times, but we weren't in any real hurry so it wasn't a big deal. The soundtrack for the evening was punk/new wave/ska featuring The Clash, Police, Talking Heads, The Specials, etc. Nothing out of the ordinary for a pub as far as the food was concerned, but it was good. Definitely plan to hit this place up again next time I'm in Phoenix.. Get the Arizona trail burger. That sweet n spicy sauce is incredible. The brisket burger was perfectly cooked. Pretzel bun just adds to it. The only thing is it's a little pricey for what amounts to what seemed like a 6oz. burger.. Very few restaurants manage to balance price and quality as well as Zen Fusion.  Very reasonable prices with excellent service and great food. 

Try the paella, you will not be disappointed.. Honestly, Cold Stone has the best ice cream I've ever had.  Maybe I don't get out much, but this stuff is fantastic.  

This particular location always comes through - it's clean, the staff are friendly, and they are very accommodating (throwing some take-home concoctions in the freezer while we eat our current order in the store).

We never get Cold Stone without a coupon, however.  Yes, it's fantastic, but expensive.  Various coupon books (Entertainment Book, maybe the Bucky Book?) will provide BOGO coupons, or buy one, get one $.99.  That helps.

Favorites include:
Me:  "Strawberry Shortcake" (made with cake batter ice cream)
Wife/kid:  cake batter ice cream with brownie in it
kid:  well, anything chocolate, but he loved the banana ice cream too.

The flavors are spot-on.  Sample a few when you go in (even if you know what you're getting already!).. I made reservations on Open Table before a Clippers game.  Came in 30 minutes late, they happily seated us.  Had one of the best Rib Eye Steaks ever.  I love this place.  Order the chocolate lava cake which takes 25 minutes to prepare... So order it when u order your steaks.  Service, Wine List is the best in the area!!. Every time I go to a convention and need some posters I go here first.  Awesome selection.  The staff is friendly and patient.  They have rolled and folded posters behind the counter.  Bring a "wish list" and get some great stuff.  New posters delivered weekly.. I've been to Next Door a total of four times now, and this review has been on its way for a long time now. Next Door was one of the first places I went for lunch upon moving to Madison and has quickly become an establishment that I am proud to give me business to as an Eastsider. Next Door has established something great with their small microbrewery and upscale pub food that has potential to blossom into something truly amazing. I really want to give this one five stars, but it has to stretch a bit more to get over the line.

As a malty beer drinker, I love the tap options here. I really appreciate that the head brewer is trying to do innovative things with some limited releases but also continuing to improve on the staples. I have visited with multiple friends and family members who all have different pallets. There seems to be a good brew here for everyone. I'll take another Iron Brigade Stout please (love that nitro).

The head chef at Next Door has no formal culinary training, but his experience shows. He is trying to bring upscale dining to the brew pub with innovative sauces, menu items, and clean presentation. MANY of the items on the menu are top notch, and I would order every time with a huge rubber stamp of approval. Other menu items are a little bit lacking.

The cheese curds here, as far as I am concerned, are some of the best in all of Madison, WI. They are lightly breaded tempura curds with gooey Munster cheese inside. The chive sauce they are served with pairs amazingly well, and is much more creative than the over done ranch dressing. Currently I feel that this sauce is my go to sauce for curds. All of the curds in this great state need to have a meeting with this delightful chive sauce.

The beet bites are hands down great. I absolutely hate beets, but I ordered these by choice a second time when my parents visited because I was ready to have them again. The cheese mouse they are served on top of pairs very well!

The Feijoada is a Brazilian stew served with rice. It's very well executed and slightly spicy. Perfect for cold and rainy days if you need to warm up. The second time we had the stew it had way too much rice in comparison to the amount of stew.

The beer pie is going on my future "Top Desserts in Madison list." This pie is fantastic and unique, made with malty run off from the brewing process. Great for sharing or getting to go to devour by yourself with a glass of wine on the couch.

Some other menu items may need to be reworked in the kitchen such as the pork belly sliders, which could have have more seasoning/spices and more bread to meat ratio. The saffron cauliflower soup is under seasoned. It could definitely use some salt, spice, and maybe some more color (chopped green onions?).

The service can be hit or miss. I feel with the high bar being set by the kitchen, the serving staff needs to match it. Please make sure the table is cleared before bringing out more dishes, water is topped off, and you do not reach in front of a customer's face.

Overall, Next Door offers a great small brewery experience complete with a well crafted culinary meal. If you want some food with your local beer, this place is the place to be.. Been here 4 times in 2015 and everything has been fantastic.  The dishes are complex in flavor but not fussy in appearance.  I especially love the small plates for a late-night bite.  The Brussels are one of the finest small plates I've had anywhere mainly due to the perfect char and use of preserved lemon which sets it apart.  Pig Candy is also a winner.  I love the short ribs as a large plate and don't sleep on the Shepherd's Pie.    It would be great if they made more of the Butcher Burgers though - they are always out of them when I get there, which means they must be epic. 

Very dark inside with a cool somewhat kitschy ambiance.  Retro almost steampunk in my eyes, but what do I know!   A great place for drinks - especially for a bourbon guy like me.  

The staff is good, not superlative, but their friendliness and enthusiasm for service make up for any errors- which are few.  

The only complaints I have seen are about price, portion and staff.  As far as price goes, it is commensurate to the quality of the product; therefore, fair in my estimation.  Join the Elks Club if you want cheep booze.  Eat at Old Country Buffet if you want obscene portions, and as far as staff goes, most complaints I've seen are from people who take issue with the hipster vibe of many on the staff which is not fair.  Beards on the young men and tattoos on the young ladies don't bother me.. This historic bar will be re-opening to the public after a complete remodel that faithfully honors the mid-mod architecture inside. When open, it will include an outdoor seating and entertainment area as well. It's always nice to see old dives get a sprucing up and a new lease on life. This is going to be a really special place for many people's pub crawl, and a natural stopping point on the walk east to the Bunkhouse.. Here's the big question.  Sauceman's or Midwood.

Oh that could prompt an endless debate.  So here's my take:

Sauceman's feels more casual and relaxed.  Almost like eating at a pit stop.  This is where I'd bring a friend who just likes eating BBQ.  Whereas Midwood is the more pretentious, hipster-esque BBQ joint.  This is where I'd bring a friend who I'd like to impress with a cool BBQ spot and share a few local beers.

Sauceman's is BBQ plain and simple.  The red slaw is a perfect digestive to the heaping amount of pulled pork you'd be served.  The hush puppies balances out the BBQ tray by offering you something mealy savor.  Whereas Midwood is BBQ on a creative slant.  Burgers and tacos ... that's beyond the simplified offerings from the pit.  Bacon-wrapped jalapeño is delicious but ... that's just fixin's dolled up.

In a pure side-to-side comparison of solely the pulled pork (ignoring every other meat and side), I'd give the edge to Sauceman's.  Even when absolutely stuffed, I just couldn't put down the fork.  I just kept eating and eating.  Again, the red slaw helps tremendously.

Final Verdict - It's good. Pretty much on par with Midwood so it'll depend on where you are and who you're dining with.

BBQ Hop 2015 #4 [March 2015]. Went there during a game with the wife.  $5 appetizers.  Ordered nachos, eggplant parmesan, eggplant caprese sliders and the mac and cheese bites.   Expected everything to be much smaller, but the portions were VERY generous.  The eggplant parm was served on a crostini, but the crostini was buried (like putting your palm over a skittle), awesome.  The nachos were good, but the chips seemed over fried a bit, could have been a bit lighter and fluffier.  Same with the mac and cheese bites, they were a bit overdone, to me they seemed almost burnt, but the wife loved them.  Service was fine and we got in and out without having to wait for too long for a server. Paid $30 for everything and a $4 beer.  Had leftovers for lunch and dinner.  Overall a great place, but would be much much better if smoking was allowed outside only (ex-smoker),  We'll be back.. It's good value for the money and the flavored in the gyro are very good.   I'll go back again.. White Sangria is great and the tacos are even better. They had an Octopus taco that was awesome. Ahi tuna taco was great as well. Great food. Guac was really good.. No doubt the BEST burger around, everything made fresh.  Excellent tempura green beans make a healthy side.. It's fast and open late. After a night out on state street this is a perfect place to satisfy your munchies. Pulled pork nachos!!!. Such a great store -- and such a great find! Definitely one of the best stores in the valley. Found a number of great little gifts that were cheap stocking-stuffers for our little-ones -- as well as some great shirts and prints that were great gifts for friends. The store mainly focuses on collectible vinyl toys (great selection), but also has a cute variety of shirts, books, prints and other tchotchkes that make for great gifts and collectible items.

The gallery in the back has a consistently-worthwhile shows, and a number of affordable options for your own art collection.. My new favorite!

For those of you that are keeping score, Papavero stole the number one spot from my former fave, Nostrano.

Every dish. Every single appetizer, entree, cocktail, and dessert that I have tasted here has been spectacular. There are roughly 12 daily changing specials written on the chalkboard. Many of those specials are fresh seafood - hard to come by in Madison. I would tell you to stick to the specials because they're so fun and different, but lately I've been grateful that the braised boar papardelle was on the menu so I could come back for more of it.

One tip:
Ask for an Amaro as a digestif after your dinner! Your server can explain what it is if you've never heard of it.. Every product looked exquisite when you walked through the doors. The menu prices for dining in also looked quite reasonable (and tasty). Purchased lovely croissants, macaroons and a lemon meringue tart (although it's referred to as something else here). Very helpful service at the counter.. 1st, I have to give a big thank you to the staff at Mr. Mamas for a superb job of serving and attending. 2nd, It's because of great leadership provided by the owner, that creates such an atmosphere in which these employees work.
Now on to the fare served here. If you would like to enjoy a "home cooked meal" in a restaurant setting, it doesn't get any better than this.
I brought friends from out of state here for their first taste of Vegas. It happened to be my first visit here also. We all were most impressed by this off the strip hidden jewel. This will be our go to place for breakfast in a peaceful atmosphere. Thanks for a job well done to the owner and staff here at Mr. Mamas.. Chili cheeseburger, chili cheese fries, large coke.  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM yeah!   DO IT!. Awesome Atv ride. Great tour guides , not too uptight about letting you go a lil crazy . Very friendly and made it a very enjoyable experience. Thank you David and Safaak .. This park is always packed. This is a very active type of park because there's so many things to do here. Every type of outdoor sport can be found here. Also has a beautiful huge lake.

This is also a great place for fishing and you'll find it packed with people fishing at times. One of my favorite places to go urban fishing. Friendly people to talk to and get tips. I've always caught at least one fish here! Maybe I'm just lucky though? Ha I say you go visit this park. Something for everyone. Unless your looking for peace and quite type of park.... We had our Wedding Reception at Serendipity3 on their outside patio and it was a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!  Rachael Gabel helped plan our event and she was AMAZING.  Every detail that we could think of, she was able to take of and execute flawlessly!  

Our guests LOVED the food and how often do you hear that at a reception.  The staff for the event were friendly and quick!  The carving and pasta stations were a huge hit!  Also, the pre-meal sliders were delicious.  Their desserts were so unique (Frozen Hot Chocolate and Cake Pops).  

The setting was perfect as we had the Las Vegas strip as our background which made our pictures with family and friends look surreal!

Serendipity3 was the perfect choice for our Wedding Reception (and a couple lunches during our honeymoon)!

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!. Very friendly staff! They have a nice selection of products from a variety food products to some clothing, movies, hair and skincare products to ceramic figures. I will be a permanent returning customer.. Excellent service and food!  Mediterranean lamb burger best burger I've ever had!  All of family very happy with food.  Daughter and wife had sushi which they said was excellent!!!!. Typical Fine Dining with Great Food & Service.. Have been coming here once or twice a year and I am always being treated like a king. The Sommelier Paul is exceptional and always send a nice bottle our way.
Quality wise, the restaurant retains the great food and most of all service.
I guess that is why most of the employees  are still here. I am surprised at some of the reviews here, as we never had a bad experience at Bouchon.
If you come to LV make sure you try it. Try the oysters, grilled octopus salad, foir gras and my fav steak frites!
Try it and enjoy!!!. Great food and friendly staff. I have enjoyed their amazing french toast and all the burritos are great. Parking is a little tight at times. The courtyard area is great to have a sit and enjoy some coffee.. Another place that focuses on one thing (crepes) and does it very well. Watching the make the crepes adds to the anticipation.  The prep area is clean and organized and the employees are cheerful, creating a good atmosphere.  You can have an elite breakfast for $10, if you like crepes and don't add alcohol. The flavors are inventive. I have yet to try all the types but I am working on it. For the really cost conscious, they have lemon or cucumber flavored ice water available.. another great meal here patty melt done right and burgers are good.  . beer special tonight is cream ale. Emily and Patricia taking great care of us.. This was my first time staying at a Hyatt Place (I usually stay at the Hyatt Regency brand). Now having stayed in both it is hard to say which brand I like better. Aside from location to where you need to be there are definitely pros and downsides to both brands that must be considered. 

One thing I missed (and I'm not sure if this is true of all Hyatt Place properties or just the one I stayed at) is that you do not get access to hyatt-concierge online prior to your stay.

Another special thing to Hyatt Place properties and one thing most people will probably like about this hotel is the free WiFi Internet through the entire hotel (in the rooms not just the lobby). To Platinum and Diamond members of Hyatt Gold Passport this will be a useless benefit as it's free for us anyways. Plat and Diam members should also note that at this level of hotel the preferred room upgrade does not apply and there is no special check in counter (however this hotel wasn't very busy at the time rendering these two benefits slightly unnecessary).

The room was rather spacious and was very clean including the shower area. The pool was heated and very clean as well and ranged from 3' to 5'. The gym was a little sparse from what I am used to at hyatts but there was technically all you needed (cardio machines and dumbbells) - there were just no resistance machines.

The breakfast looked good but had nothing I really eat. There were English muffin sandwiches, bakery, pancakes, toast, donuts, etc....very carb heavy! There was a bowl of mixed fruit but it tasted funny so I grabbed a banana and coffee and left. The seating in the galley area was very comfy though and it was a nice place outside your room to relax or work (if the ballrooms are not in use otherwise it is super loud). 

I also figured out there is a shuttle that will drive you 3 miles in any direction. 

And finally I do recommend walking the riverfront in the evening. If you just go straight out of the hotel you can go down by the water or cross over to downtown and point state park.. Dive bar with cheap drinks.....downtown scottsdale is cute

D. Great place, lots of eye candy, had a really fun time there!. Good chicken, the Avocado dressing is so good on the salad. I only get dark meat and black beans with salad so can't tell you about the other sides.  Flan is great for fast food flan. Never eaten inside. Sign is not on always so I forget it's open sometimes!. This pizzahut is probally the best one in town, its always clean, the employees are always nice  and the Pizza is cooked perfectlly. 

The thing I dont like aboit it os that it has a small waiting area tjat is always full.. Where to start about Crossfit Double Down? Thomas and Laurie McCrummen are amazing people. They are not about making a quick buck, but they are certainly about changing people's lives. They have made both my wife and I feel like family. There can be twenty people in a class, but we were always made feel as though we were the only ones. Thomas knows how to safely push and progress us and because of that, we have become better athletes. My wife recently had a baby and Crossfit Double Down knew exactly how to get her back into exercising safely. We have worked out all our life's and have belonged to a dozens of different gyms, but Cross Fit Double down is by far the best establishment we have belonged to yet. As a Health Care Professional, Executive Director and business owner within the community for over 25 year, I don't take authoring these types of recommendations lightly. If you are considering Crossfit Double Down, have trust and confidence in the fact that both Thomas and Laurie McCrummen will do everything possible to change your lives' for the best.. I used to go to the cheap places until my wife had me come in here and I haven't gone anywhere else since. Kaitlyn has been cutting my hair now for over a year and she does an awesome job! I don't know what else to say except Kaitlyn sold me and has kept ke coming back ever since.. As a semi-regular of the location in Elizabeth near my home, I was very happy to see another one open closer to my work. Although with traffic on Independence, the one in Elizabeth wouldn't take much longer to get to. This place is brand spanking new and was nearly spotless. 

The staff was extremely friendly, including the manager who stopped at my table twice to make sure everything was good. The nachos I ordered were HUGE. I would say they were piled high to almost the height of a basketball. And at $6.95 including protein, they were a a steal - had enough to take home for a second meal. 

There's the reliable salsa bar with several good choices and my favorite which has pineapple in it. They don't have alcohol yet, but the craft beer and cocktails should make an excellent addition when available for those that go at night. 

The other positive was the kitchen is a little more closed, so you don't end up smelling like tacos the rest of the day. Look forward to visiting again soon, when I feel brave enough to take on Union Co. Traffic.. In town for a few days. Ate here the first 2 nights. It's that good! Go, eat... find happiness in the first bite.. I've been putting off writing a review of Wy-Knot.... Mainly because it's my FAVORITE! Every single experience I've had here has set the bar for every other place I go. Be patient, and I'll tell you all about the food. 

Here's the typical experience, and the reason I love this place is that what I'm about to tell you IS TYPICAL! You walk in, sit down, and are greeted by the kindest people. It's like they know what kind of mood you're in, or even what kind of mood you want to be in. If you're in a rush and getting something to go, they're pretty fast for how high quality the food is. If you're extremely hungover, they somehow cure it! I don't know what it is... The well lit ambience, the wonderful staff, the coffee, the green tea, the amazing food? It's the 11th wonder of Phoenix. 

Now, onto the food! 

They do this thing where they keep it simple, but add some really advanced stuff. I mean, I can cook, but I'm not some sort of expert chef. The way they use their seasoning and mainly season with vegetables, sets them apart from the rest. You're going to spend about as much as you would at some tasteless cookie cutter franchise, but you feel good after. The amount of food that comes out on your plate is thoroughly impressive. I am not a salad eater, but their cobb salad is the tastiest looking salad I've ever seen. Get Jackie's signature french toast! I'm not a big fan of cinnamon french toast, and I love this stuff. 

I once had some sort of obscure cold vegetable something soup that was purple. I was sure it was going to be disgusting. Well, I have to tell you.... Sometimes it's good to be wrong. AND! If Jackie is proving you wrong, he is steering you in the right direction. I want it again, but I'm not sure if it's seasonal or what. Half of which, I can't remember what it's called. 

My point is this... You can't go wrong with Wy-Knot. Not to be an elitist, but if you've been here and don't like it - we are not friends. 


*****DISCLAIMER*****
I don't use the word "love" unless I mean it, so take it seriously when I'm talking about this place and their food. 
Just because I show up at 1PM on a weekend hungover from a wonderful night partying with friends, does not make any of us alcoholics. Well.... maybe some... 
There's nothing "typical" about Wy-Knot except for being exceptional. 
I don't eat salad. I don't even like lettuce. However, the way they prepare their food - I'll eat it that way. 
I'm extremely allergic to bananas, so please don't bring it up and don't try to poison me - I can smell them from across the room. I'll know. 
I eat here as often as I can convince my girlfriend to not want something else.. This is by far my favorite ayce sushi place under 30$ in vegas. The chef's are creative and they serve great quality fish in generous portions. I thoroughly recommend the unagi nigiri that is hand torched, crispy to perfection. 

The dragon ballz (pause) were an awesome surprise as well. ( deepfried mushrooms stuffed with crab and mayo). And for dessert, the mini honey toast was clever and delicious! They use a cube of hawaiian bread! For the price, you get so much value. I cant say it enough. This place is totally worth the price/wait/drive/inconvenience to go to. Literally nothing I ordered and ate was lack-luster... and I ate a ton.. Ive lived here for 3 years now and although it has its ups and down issues that i have seen have always been resolved. It was a bit of a process when the new management company took over but im very happy with where they are at now. For new residents looking to move here... give this place a shot.. you wont be dissapointed.. Sad face, happy stomach. Windy City Beefs and Pizza is where I go to get a taste of Chicago. The atmosphere looks like the spots I grew up eating at. The food is great, the staff are from the "city" and you can tell that many of the other guest hail from Chicago as well. I had the Italian Beef dipped. WHOA!. The Great Dane is definitely a local institution. As a result, its major downside is that at night it is terribly crowded. The food, yeah, I can take it or leave it. However, Great Dane's beers are terrific, so I find it a worthwhile place to go in spite of the crowds. There are many regular beers brewed all of the time, as well as several seasonal beers. It's always fun to try a different type every time.. This place is definitely great. Any entree I have had has been excellent.. The service is great too. Bartender is very friendly and the atmosphere is very nice ! I'm going to be a regular for sure!. This place is a palace within a palace. This place is a monstrosity.  There is so much at this place, it is impossible to see everything they offer.  It goes on for miles and miles.  This place requires the most planning.  Do not get sidetracked with sliders and hot dogs and pizza.  Go straight for the stuff you cannot get at any normal restaurant in your hometown.  Go straight for the ultimate amounts of meats and shellfish.. I was drawn to this place while walking around the 5th Avenue shops and loved their set up and service! I enjoyed the warm greetings and customer service Barrio Queen provided. My server (forgot his name-sorry) was an excellent provider for recommending me a few great treats from their menu. If you visit this place make sure to take advantage of their 3 for $10 gourmet tacos! I of course had 4 tacos, the dip and their top shelf Margarita!. Fast, courteous, and resonably priced. They changed the 5 locks on my new house in about 20 min.. Spectacular beer and an interesting atmosphere.

Tenaya Creek has great and honest beer. They're starting to get traction throughout the valley because of how popular they've become. Both of their IPAs (Monsoon and Hop Ride) are spectacular and it's nice to finally see a brewery with the cajones to release two beers in the same style. Get the sampler. The guest taps were expert as well, some rare new belgium (which was probably the best beer I've had in months) and some Coronado Brews on tap. These are also excellent.

The place itself was kinda dark late into the Sunday evening I went but everyone was clearly having a good time. The service was fast and spectacular- whoever ran the bar around 8pm on 11/18 was a testament to hard working bartenders everywhere. It's clean and reasonable inside. Outside would've been nice but it was too cold.

The oddball here is their BYOF policy. I called and asked about this and a helpful employee immediately started providing solutions and delivery services. Also they occaisionally have food trucks out. It's actually not a bad thing at all, especially when KOMEX is only about 10 minutes away. If you haven't looked up KOMEX do yourself that favor.

On top of all this: sweet mother of tight-walleted goodness was this cheap. I bought for my threesome of solid beer snobbery and brought some beer to go and ended up at Thirty Two bucks. Great deal.

Should've bought a growler. Those were a good deal too.. Fantastic sandwich! Finally I found a place that beats subway, jimmy john, and firehouse sub. Their bread is so soft and fresh. Great choices for vegetarian as well. Even better for deaf peeps because they provide a brown bag where you check the ingredients yourself and not having to ask for a paper and pen to comminicate. That's the best part about this place. Vegetarian friendly and deaf friendly are the huge bonus. They tasted extremely good and fresh! Definitely will come back to it. Oh it's also Gluten Free friendly since it does give you the option to go for bowl or lettuce wrap it up. Go and check this place out! Staffs are friendly!. I love this hotel. I stay here often when I come. Great service and vlose to everything.. I rarely write reviews, but this recent experience inspired me- FORCED ME, ACTUALLY. 

My wife and I frequently duck into this spot, usually around Happy Hour, as we wait for our 7yr old son to finish his karate lesson around the corner. 

It is almost always a pleasant experience, but then a couple weeks ago we had an episode that seemed doomed to be 1 of those "YOU-WISH-YOU WOULD-HAVE-STAYED-IN-AND-EATEN TOP-RAMEN" types of nights...

Our dinner began with us ordering a beverage item from the menu, only to have our "server" return some time later to tell us they didn't have it, and she made zero attempt to hide her irritation with US, as if we had somehow known. THIS HAPPENED 4 TIMES IN A ROW-so that after 30 minutes, we still had not been able to successfully place a drink order. We felt like we were pretty good sports in the beginning, but unfortunately our server had at this point decided we were not worth the hassle- so now we were becoming quite irked ourselves. Her new strategy was to suggest to us that we had possibly  had too much to drink, even though despite our valiant efforts we couldn't get a drink to save our lives.

At this point she not only asserted we may be intoxicated, but on top of that SHE KEPT TOUCHING ME- an unwelcome arm around my neck, a firm hand on my chest,  patting my hand, etc. While my wife was very patient with this blatant violation of my personal space, I was much less understanding- I knew my wife didn't care for it,  and I personally found it offensive. I politely  corrected the intrusion the 1st 2X, but after the 3rd, I found myself stating firmly "FOR  THE 3RD TIME, STOP TOUCHING ME".

While I remember her name, and am tempted to share it, I am choosing not to   because of what happened next with the manager, whose name I WILL mention. 

Upon my adamant  demand for the touching to stop, our server literally ran away to find a manger, whom she brought over to remove us. After listening to her creative historical revision, the manager-  gentleman named "MIKEL BOSS", then gave us the opportunity to civilly describe what had at that point been a very uncivil disaster.

Shockingly to us, he somehow was able to properly recognize we were telling the truth. He was professional, apologetic and hospitable- frankly his last name "BOSS" could not  have been more fitting. He offered to accommodate us inn several ways, all of which we politely refused- we weren't trying to get free food or drinks, and all we really wanted was to try and spend our last few minutes there in peace, but we knew we did not intend to return.

He somehow sensed this, gave us his card, and went out of his way to make us feel like a return trip would be 1 where we could all wipe the slate clean.

The reason this was so impressive, and the reason I am writing this, is because sometimes "life" happens. Maybe the gal was having a bad day, or maybe the table before us had already ruined her shift. Who knows? Maybe a lot of things.

 Sometimes a dinner starts off like a nightmare, sometimes a server draws a tough table, sometimes a couple draws a tough server. Sometimes "life" happens when you least expect it

What impressed us the most was the commitment to excellence he showed-  there were a dozen different, easier ways out for him, but he didn't take the easy way.
The point is that its not a huge surprise when things go wrong- it would be more of a surprise if they never did. Good service is not ensuring that something never goes wrong, because that's an unrealistic expectation. The question is, once an experience has gone sideways, will someone go out of their way to correct it? He certainly did. While we appreciated that the end of our service was handled by someone else, we still tipped the original server 30% on the tab- partially because we understand a tip is a bigger reflection of the customer than of the service, and partially because we don't know everything she may have been going through. 

As for the manger, in all truth we do not know him and had never seen him before. Even though this reads like a personal shout-out from a friend, IT IS NOT- he is a stranger. He just  happened to be a stranger who treated us like friends, and because of THAT, because of "Mr. Boss", WE WILL CONFIDENTLY RETURN AGAIN.. We have become Friday night regulars (with a few other days of the week thrown in for fun, on occasion).  Service is always excellent and the food is consistently good.  Great flavor and beautiful presentation.  Don't be fooled by the exterior, this place is well worth the visit!  Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.. The best Mexican restaurant in Vegas period.  This place is awesome and traditional mexican with the best handmade flour tortilla's and salsa in the Vegas area.  Amazing!. Tastiest food of our week in greater Phoenix.  We ordered the Indian Taco, the Red Chili Indian Taco and the UFO kids meal, with fun shaped little frybread pieces and beans and cheese.  The food was really simple and exceedingly delicious. 

The vibe in the place was cool too.  Lots of local folks were there - people who know from good.  While it didn't look like much from the outside, The Fry Bread House was clean and the staff was really friendly. Open since 1992, we're already hooked after one visit.

We had a nice time, we loved the fry bread tacos, and we can't wait to go back during our next trip to Phoenix.  Highly recommend.. I ordered dinner from http://www.mealsdelivered.net/ from Chinatown Inn. I got chicken and cashews for my wife and Lamb for me. It is the best Chinese food I have found in Pittsburgh. Great ingredients  and taste. I intend to go there for a meal real soon. 

Highly recommended unless you have a ticket to NYC, SF or Hong Kong. Today just got the low carb cheesecake ,excellant very creamy and not to heavy, could not tell lo carb almost feel guilty eating this, like I said in my earlier post bakery outstanding .. I love the fact that they literally have all you can eat mochi dessert!! The food is great also the pork belly.. This place has never let me down.  Dine in or Pick up, you get great New York style thin crust.  Word from the wise, don't overload your pizza with toppings b/c it will start to detract from the pizza itself.  I suggest 3 items max.  I love the sweet red pepper, onion and garlic combo.. Saw this one open up down the street from our old neighborhood so we dropped in to give it a try. Wow! I may have a new favorite here! (My previous favorite seafood place was the Salt Cellar in Scottsdale) 
The atmosphere, in my opinion, is perfect, Classy enough to make it a nice place to take your 'someone special' for a romantic dinner but no so stuffy to make a 'downhome' guy like me feel uncomfortable when I show up in shorts. The owners call it 'polished casual' and I think that wraps it up perfectly. 
Now for the important part - The food. I said it once and I'll say it again-Wow. I don't think I've experience seafood like this. The basic menu is fillets of fish cooked over a wood burning grill, finished with one of their four special sauces. I had the talapia and topped it with lump crab, feta cheese and a light cream sauce. It was rich and flavorful - but not so overbearing to drown out the fish or overload your tastebuds by the third bite. My wife wasn't as hungry and just had a cup of chowder and in her words it was 'very tasty'.
I hope I'm not building up expectations so high that people reading this will be let down, but I really enjoyed this place and if you read my other reviews, I don't really get this enthusiastic about a restaurant. I am definitely putting this one on our preferred dining list. The only reservation  I have writing such a good review is that the place becomes so popular that we'll have a long wait getting in the place.... Best breakfast in town! Great service too! Food always come out perfect!
French press coffee is awesome! And you cant get enough of the pot of bread!. Stuart Fixed up my wife and showed extreme patience in the process. Great luggage reasonable prices easy easy easy. Authentic hole-in-the-wall tacos that almost remind me of the taquerias back home in Cali. I wish they were closer to downtown but otherwise can't complain. Don't miss out on the flan for dessert inside the store as well!. I read some of the Yelp reviews and had Manan Bakery bookmarked for a couple of months,  Yesterday, I stopped in as I was coming back home.  The bakery is a small shop with two cases, but they are filled with delicious looking goodies.  There were many things with names I didn't recognize.  I asked the woman what some of those things were and she was happy to explain.

Instead of going with some of the newer things, I opted for two tried and true bakery goods--a chocolate mousse and a raspberry mousse.  I had the raspberry last night and it was excellent.  The light chocolate exterior that surrounds the mousse is very delicate and very tasty.  Chocolate and raspberry go so well together.

I noticed several items in the cases I'd like to try in the future, so I will  be back.. Inexpensive, homemade food without the typical greasy quality of many diners. All the usual suspects on the menu, which is appreciated, along with some unique choices. Our waitress was very attentive even though the place was packed, and our food was ready surprisingly fast. Definitely going back. A creative look at gourmet pizzas.  The menu is creative and the fact that you can build your own with 20+ possible toppings makes the possibilities endless.  The cheese and meat plate makes a great starter, and the decor is sleek and fresh that draws a cool hip crowd.. Don't listen to the naysayers. I haven't been here for awhile because I'm not in the area much, but came in for a Bento lunch and it was great! Evidently, management listened to the unhappy customers and took positive action. The food was just as good, if not better, as it was in the past. I would recommend giving the place a chance!. I had breakfast here after staying at Hotel Valley Ho once.  The server was friendly, and the food was simple yet delicious.  Normally, I'm known to write longer reviews, but this time, just go to Cafe ZuZu, and you'll thank me afterward.. I am not a fan of baseball.  I think it is a terrible game, and a waste of time.  I have been to three baseball games in my life, and it's basically just a bunch of guys standing around wishing they could go home.  It amazes me that people will pay money to sit and watch people standing around when you can do that for free at any government work site.

That said, Salt River Fields is awesome, and I had a fantastic time here.  All kinds of food options, drink options, shade, sun, souvenirs - and all in an environment much less crowded than stadiums I have been in before, and much cleaner.  You could drop your food on the ground and then pick it up and eat it.

My only word of warning, I ended up parking pretty far out in a rock/dirt field, so don't bring your new Lamborghini.. While the long waits sometimes discourage me from going there, the food is absolutely amazing.  I haven't had anything there I didn't love.  Even better, there's a bluephies cookbook floating around town.  It should be worth picking up. Bluephies is so good, even a boring old turkey club is delicious, not that I'm dissing turkey clubs.  They're good, really.  Just sayin'.. Say what???

How cool is this tiny spot?  It is small but large in the fun you will have when you experience this place. We mostly hung outside while getting our beer goggles on and you can't beat the bright christmas lights that suck you in.

Divey and really makes up for the douchey places in Scottsdale.  

One thing I must say...a dude crop dusted the whole bar.  It made for an interesting scene as people slowly backed away from the bar, looking away from each other as if making contact would seem as they may be guilty.  The small confined place compacted the smell, which made us more keen on drinking outside.. Went on a Sat night with another couple and will return! The restaurant sits on the corner of Central & Pecan and is upstairs with a really nice view of the city. The atmosphere is casual sophistication with a nice relaxed feeling inside. The service was lacking but the food more than made up for it. The service was not bad it was just slow and not because she was waiting on the kitchen but because she did not seem to know what she was doing. Maybe she was new.....I asked what was good and she proceeded to tell me what the most expensive items were, not a good idea. The Bruscetta, Ahi Tuna Skewer, Southern Fried Oysters and Dip Trio were wonderful as well as the sushi (surprisingly), the meatballs was the only thing that I did not care for. The wine selection was quite good as well.. Free internet, clean and friendly people with tons of places to eat and shop.  It's seriously like a mall!  Huge and spread out so you might end up walking quite a way for a connecting flight, however, the amenities make you forget about the walk.  Plus you might need it after a meal here.  Oh yeah did I forget to mention free internet?!. This is my go-to station for fueling up the car.  It's the only place around that I know of that carries non-ethanol gas.  It's great for all the toys, but my car loves it too - much better gas mileage.  It's worth the extra cost per gallon...

Once in a long while I'll need a coffee or something to eat.  The convenience store is plenty nice with lots of offerings.  I wouldn't do my grocery shopping here, but it's great for a coffee and breakfast sandwich in the morning.. Some of the best tacos I've tasted for the pice, has a restaurant feel, the smell of fresh chicken cooking, nothing seems to be processed, burritos are fat  and in good portions. I really enjoyed eating there. I have two homes. And I've had services from Paul (the father) before. When I called for services Paul said that he was retiring, and sent his son. The father is good. And I thought I couldn't get it any better. This kid is EXCELLENT! Not only did he service my system, but he suggested some ways that I could preserve my system and get maximum use for the use of it when I'm in that particular home. I recommend Christopher to everyone. Let's give this young man and hand up! And best of retirement to his father........THANK YOU!!!!. I love Yard House. No matter what I order it is always great. I usually go to the one in san diego. But I was in vegas with my family. It was 13 of us so I took them to Ellis Island Casino and restaurant for cheap food, but they couldn't take our group. The manager giving us all kinds of excuses. So I called Yard house to see what they can do they said no problem. Food was great as usual It was a little hard to find in the huge out door shopping area but we go there, and it was great. Would definitely recommend to any one. Especially beer lovers, they have many beers on tap. I love the big beer section in the menu.. First time in last night for my buddy's birthday.  Decor is amazing with old woods and antique lighting.  Very modern western.   The smoke smell hit me immediately when I walked in the door and mixed right in with the American Mule that I got at the bar.  Bartender was really friendly and chatted it up for a few til my friends arrived.  Hostess and waitstaff were really nice, joking around, and created a laid back atmosphere.

Food was delicious.  Had the bacon platter which I recommend.  Had a variety of bacons (cherry smoked, apple smoked, jalepeno) and a few unique sauces to try with them as well (mustard, cherry, and onion jelly).  Very good flavors and with all the options, lots of combos to try. 

Had the half rack of ribs.  They were a little dry, but flavor was excellent and the meat was terrific.  Came right off the bone.  Plenty of meat on them compared to other places where i found it is mostly bone.

Cobbler for dessert was interesting with a cinnamon toast crunch crust.  Wasn't my favorite combo, I like the traditional cobbler crust, but I appreciated its unique approach. 

i want to go back and try the pulled pork next.. Consistently good food and service...try the southwest selections or one of the Benedict's. Great Indian food full bar.  The service was excellent - i'll be back often!. We were searching for a gift for a baptism and decided that Things remembered was a good option. We settled on a nice globe with some engraving ( its for a 2 year old). The lady working the counter was super cool and helped us pick our fonts and stuff. She gave us lots of suggestions and made the process easy. They had our order completed and ready to go by that afternoon.. I am soooo happy we tried this place. We live around the corner. The BEST pizza in the East Valley. I know many love Nello's, but this place is a cross between New York and Chicago pizza. Yummy!

Coming back, for sure!. Great burritos! to be honest, everything on the menu is really good. I'm a fan of the Chorrizo burrito, it has egg and potatoes, very tasty. I use to live right around the corner from here so I had the chance to try pretty much everything on the menu. The easiest way to rate this place would be to say it is just as good or better than your Filberto's, Fredrico's and your Armando's. The prices are a bit cheaper for example a Carne Asada burrito runs $4.60. The din in portion of the restaurant is really small, I usually take out. If your in the area, stop by and give it a try.. Love this place!  Great biscuits and gravy sandwiches.  I wish that they had more indoor seating for the summertime, but that is the only thing I would change.

Pro tip: come hungry. Very cool environment and fantastic food!

I've only been once but we are already trying to figure out when we can go back with other couples or groups!  The food is fantastic and features an awesome rotating seasonal menu!  With a group you'll be able to sample a lot at good pricing.  

Can't wait to come back!. Came here and the other location on Flamingo 2 days in a row.. Biggest difference I noticed was the decor at the Flamingo location, really felt like we were in an actual Thai family home dining room?! In regards to food, both places were Outstanding!!

The orders:

Pad SeeEw (pork): Best Pad SeeEw i've had (better than Lotus). Simply Perfect..

Pad Thai (beef): Dinner portion came with a serving that could be split with another person. A little sweet but the medley of flavors all together were just right. Another hit! (3 of 10 on the heat scale, not much punch)

Stuffed Chicken: An appetizer sized dish. Came with 2 pieces of chicken drum sticks stuffed with goodness!.. Goes great with the sweet dipping sauce! The slight crunchiness of the skin just incorporates a very nice texture.

Spicy Basil (chicken): The herbs, the spices, the tender bits of chicken.. Wow, this place just doesn't have any flaws!! (3 of 10 on the heat scale, But this time it felt like 3 times Hotter!)

* I asked the waiter "Why was the Spicy Basil MUCH Hotter than the Pad Thai when I ordered both with 3 out of 10 heat?" She replied "because some dishes are spiced/heated with powder chili like the Pad Thai and the Spicy Basil we use the actual Thai chili's so it will be hotter.." 


Another Exceptional  Thai Restaurant here in the Desert!! Well above average Service, Food All Very Impressive, Atmosphere Clean and Casual and Prices well worth it!! For sure coming back here!!!. Moonstones is an excellent shop. I am from out of town but was able to order a gift basket of incense, stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what/who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy.. Completely surprised by this little dive of a place, and when I say "dive", I probably mean in appearance only. The joint is very kid-friendly - at least judging by the crayon-like scribbles on the walls.

The menu is one of those that has your eyes getting bigger with each item and pointing "I want that, and that, and that" so that finally you just have to close your eyes and point at something or you will quite possibly be there all day.

Luckily the staff is nice enough that you probably could sit there all day if you wanted to foot the bill and managed to stuff yourself well enough. The place isn't huge, however, so they might kick you out if a sudden rush of customers came along. Or at least ask if they could steal any chairs you weren't using.. Don't be afraid of the line we check in and was told 1 1/2 hour wait they page you on your phone if you don't respond quickly they move to the next name our wait was only 15 minutes...  Now about this place not to pricy but the food OMG THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EATEN IN 50 yrs. the staff is very good and friendly he explained our order and knows the menu and the specials only a couple of minor things  I had the Hell's Kitchen burger was expecting so heat but fell short  but still really amazing and we order fries (regular ) it comes with compound ketchup not to my taste one has curry flavor and the other is chipotle flavored had to ask for regular ketchup 
The other meal we had was the Fried Fish sandwich OMG it was huge and in this case it was incredible they really know how to make Fish this is the second place of Gordon Ransey we been to had the fish and chips at his pub restaurant they were made the same way amazing.. I've been here several times over the last couple years. I going to review my dinner and breakfast experience. Even though dinner can be very good I think their breakfast is exceptional. Pricy, yes, but about as good as you can find anywhere. 

Dinner last night was good but not as good as it has been in the past. The small seafood platter was excellent with high quality raw oysters and clams from both the west and east coasts. Two beautiful jumbo shrimp half a lobster tail and plump black mussels were also very very good. The sauces that accompany the seafood were just ok so I stuck with the horseradish and lemon. The steak frite was disappointingly tough with tough grissly parts and the fries were cold and hard. Sautéed spinach was very good but the garlic confit was not meltingly tender and rich. It had a slight bitter edge. I still ate everything and enjoyed it. The martinis here were good not great missing one of our requests. The house haut medoc Bordeaux by the glass was much better than expected. Great service rounded out our meal.

I must say, breakfast was perfect. Their American breakfast is perfectly executed and I feel it's a bargain. Attentive service again at breakfast was appreciated at the early hour we were there.

Dinner 4 stars
Breakfast 5 stars. An absolutely incredible experience. My appointment was with Joseph. He told me he was 72 and originally from Sicily and he's been a barber since he was 13 years old. I could tell he takes great pride in his life's work. I can't say enough about the professionalism and atmosphere and I will definitely be back.. I was really impressed!!  Service 5 stars.  The special Bison steak 5 stars.  The crab appetizer 5 stars.  In fact the presentation and preparation was like none I have ever seen the crab was just over the top.  This may sound strange but in our 13 day stay in June 2015 we had dinner there 3 times.  I am as old as dirt and that says something about this place!!. Sehr schönes Restaurant mit sehr gutem Essen! 
Man würde ein solches Restaurant in dieser Gegend wohl eher nicht vermuten und wenn man nicht wüsste, dass man dort richtig ist, dann wäre ich vermutlich vorbei gelaufen. 
Das Restaurant ist sehr schlicht, aber schick eingerichtet. Die Bedienungen sind sehr freundlich und aufmerksam und gestalten den Aufenthalt sehr angenehm. 
Jeder Gang wird beim Servieren noch einmal erklärt und sieht nicht nur toll aus, sondern schmeckt auch genial. 
Die Preise sind zwar nicht ganz niedrig, aber man bekommt wirklich etwas geboten für sein Geld. 
Auf jeden Fall empfehlenswert!. A few coworkers and I decided to visit La Palapa for lunch, none of us had been yet, and I couldn't remember the name for the life of me (kept referring to it as "that place where Thai Me Up used to be"). After walking for 15 minutes or so on a hot August afternoon to get here, we were pleased to find that they had A/C, albeit a window unit above the door, but it kept the space cool enough that we were comfortable.

The first thing we noticed is the change in decor. Everything is brighter, the space feels a lot more open and welcoming. Our waiter was with us immediately, gave us menus, and quickly went down the list of drinks. One of the options was a pitcher of margarita mix, which means that as several other reviews have previously mentioned, they're BYOB and welcoming of your booze. Unfortunately, no margarita pitcher for us since we all had to head back to work before long.

A couple orders for appetizers were put in - the beef empanada, and chips with guac. My first thought was that the chips and guac were a bit on the pricey side. When they came out, though, it was a healthy serving of chips clearly made on-site and a decent amount of guac, both of which tasted great and were worth the expense. The empanada was also good.

For a meal, I went with a beef quesadilla and chicken quesadilla, which were both delicious though I was partial to the beef. Also, the right amount of food - enough to satisfy, but not make me feel like I was rolling back to the office.

Overall, definitely a nice experience, and we'll be back before long.. I agree with everyone that has reviewed this place and praised it for being delicious and still on the cheaper side in Vegas. The sandwiches are perfect for a midday snack if you're looking for something to tide you over until you fully indulge at the buffet later that night. It's like a  Quiznos with its own twist on serving stuff between two slices of bread. On my next trip to Vegas, I will surely be visiting the Earl again, if not multiple times. Fully worth checking out if you're near Planet Hollywood.. Great service, great prices, great people. My family and I have had our clothing altered and fixed here many times. I highly recommend this business.. Stayed here for 2 nights from July 9, 2010

Aria is one of the hotels situated at the "City Center," aspiring to be at the epicenter of Vegas.  Its embrace of modernity is evident from the moment you pull within view.

Upon entering the futuristic, metallic lobby, you'll notice a pleasant perfumed air.  I couldn't put my finger on what it was, or where it came from, but it definitely beat the smell of cigarettes and old people.

A security guard is posted in front of the elevators, requiring you to flash your room key for admittance.

The hallways are labyrinth-like, and split into separate pathways one too many times.  They keys are magnetic, so you just wave your room key in front of the doorknob.

The room we got (pretty standard one) was very clean, and sleek.  The sheets were amazingly soft too.  The bathroom had a 2-person shower and tub, which is standard for the newer hotels -- nothing outstanding.

Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to check out the pool, or dine at any of the restaurants. 

As it is currently one of the newest hotels, it is a bustling and loud place.  There is also a casino downstairs, but I would recommend staying away from the blackjack tables around check-in times because you'll probably be surrounded by players just killing time while waiting for their friends (which means they'll take the dealer's bust card, and have you walking with a stink face).

Finally, the service, from what I saw, was amazing.  When I was walking down the hotel hallways, I was greeted by at least 2 employees with a smile and "hello."  I'm not sure who recruited their employees, but they were successful in trying to make a good new-opening impression.. Very impressed and a great addition to the Camelback corridor. Many healthy selections, the bowls are creative and offer something for a variety of tastes. Many drink selections, soft drinks, teas. Affordable Asian fusion with healthy selections.. Items selected:

Bouchard Pere & Fils Reserve Bourgogne Pinot Noir
Willi Schaefer 2011 Graacher Domprobst Riesling
KAI TOD - Fried marinated-Cornish hen with garlic
YUM KAI NOK KATA - Fried Quail eggs, topped with dry shrimp, cilantro, onion. Spicy lime dressing
TOM YUM KOONG - Spicy and sour lemongrass soup with shrimp and mushroom
SPICY DUCK RICE - Fried rice with roasted duck meat, green onion, chili paste and fish sauce
CHU CHEE LOBSTER TAIL - Served with Chu-chee curry of Kaffir Lime and Cilantro
DUCK PANANG - roasted duck with panang sauce and Kaffir lime leaf
CENTURY EGG BASIL - Preserved egg with basil and chili
KANG KUA KADUK MOO - Braised pork rib stir fried with chili paste, turmeric, peppercorn and Kaffir lime leaf
THAI SUNDAE - Peanuts, Coconut Ice Cream, Condensed Milk, Coffee Jello, Lychee

Owned and operated by Bank Atcharawan, local king of Riesling and former sommelier at Lotus of Siam, Chada Thai and Wine had been on my 'must visit' list for some time but without a car during many previous visits to Las Vegas and largely without friends or family interested in the cuisine it was with good fortune that I finally found myself seated at a large table with five new friends on a Saturday night in early November for a two hour meal that would prove my best experience with Thai food to date.  Dark and moody, almost romantic aside from the unexpected modern pop soundtrack, and decidedly more intimate than LoS as soon as one walks through the doors it would be mere moments after seating that we were greeted by our server and told of a few daily specials the laborious process of trimming our order from "I'll take the lot" to something more reasonable began - the end result ten plates of food including a double order of the truly remarkable century egg, a dish certainly amongst the ten best I've enjoyed in 2013.  Served in waves as we worked through two bottles of wine including a lightly sweet Riesling that proved an ample compliment to both heat and acid it was so frequent that someone at the table would proclaim their love for a dish that to describe them all would prove redundant, a simpler suggestion as relates to my palate being to order everything you can that features an egg or bird while disregarding any preconceptions you have about 'heat,' instead preparing your palate for complexity and balance.. Nar is great, has always taken care of me in a timely fashion and his pricing is the best in town.  Highly recommend.. I love the vibe here and am never disappointed. Check them out for dinner. Lots of good home cooked type meals and its always fresh.. This place isn't too bad. I came here for breakfast and everything was good. The biscuit and gravy is definitely the highlight, but their eggs leave something to be desired. At the end of the day it's a nice breakfast place.. Oh dear Swizz how I adore you. (already..!)

You opened your arms to me widely and took me in and soaked my liver into oblivion. 
A warm (although ACed) comfortable dark womb-like oblivion.

The bartendtresses know how to pour, like monsoons pour, you would think they are trying overflow the cups of bliss or put out a nearby imaginary fire that is threatening your invisible Lilliputian drinking friends and their mini-city that dwell on your cocktail napkin. ***(my vision is never clear enough, micro-capable enough, but I know they are there. I wonder if they live in a blacktopped hell of strip malls as well..? maybe that's why the 'lil folks need to be dowsed with anesthetic...?)

The juke has Steely Dan's "Can't Buy a Thrill" on it.... Aces.

No need for pest control...
The flies 'round here are instant family... and sometimes buy rounds...
Even shitty/shifty/grumpy Uncle Bill/Bob/Mike is an a-OK guy and your pseudo-Aunt Wilma would love to buy you a beverage... a very unhealthy and wonderfully euphoric beverage to be specific.

and then I found the Wednesday night trivia hosted/created by the lovely Lindsey . 
FYI: This trivia is not  for drunk dumb folks.
Answer her riddles first, reap the buzz post quiz, then make yourself happily unintelligent. 
Your wallet and prestige can benefit!

Make sure to ask Sarah 'bout her California Brazilian Wax Makers Mark Experience. 
***(please just do not feed her any of the devil's lifeblood! I hear it may be very dangerous! ;)
***(actually don't ask her. I want to savor that storied story for my own personal humor-self-storage reserves.)

Long ramble short...  Short swaggle swizz...
Just like the door reads: "Swizzle in, Stagger Out".  Exactomundo.
Just be damn careful (get a cab!).

***I found this place due to the mucho-helpful Yelp.
So thank you YELP and the Swizzle thanks you as well, just don't ask my wallet or liver to comment.

Cheers!. I'd been to this restaurant before and wasn't that impressed with the food, but this time it was a home run. Two of us had the Menu Degustation, while one had the Prix Fixe. That was problably the best best, as the snapper, in particular, was deliciously seasoned and perfectly cooked. The highlight of the five-course degustation was probably the foie gras, although it was all excellent.. I found this place after craving a Puka Dog from Hawaii, however since there is no Puka Dog on the mainland I found this nifty place. 

I went for the same toppings that I would get as if I were at a Puka Dog, garlic, mild, mango relish and polish sausage. Even though not as flavorful as a Puka Dog, this place does a great job, even though I am looking for a Puka Dog, I must divert and try not to use it as a reference any further. 

So the dog it self, is a little on the burnt side, kinda takes away from the taste of the awesome sauces. It can get messy but it very sweet and great tasting. 

Both times I have been there the owner was there. He is a very nice guy and very passionate about making sure that everything is tasty and great.

The Dogs are messy so be prepared to use a fork and knife to carve away at it. 

The one thing that I did not agree with this place was the idea of what Hawaiian shaved ice should be. We were going to give it a try till I noticed the machine and the ice used. A Hawaiian shaved ice used large blocks of ice and a massive machine that shaved it. This one used crushed ice and just crushes it further, leaving it somewhat still chunky while Hawaiian is like sand. 

Overall: If you are looking for a hot dog of a different flavor I definitely would check this place out!. I took my Gf there and she had very great and satisfying experience at Luxy Nail Salon. Very cute place, and staffs alwyas friendly and welcoming. Her designer, Queena, is friendly, responsible, and professional. She did an amazing job and my gf always get exactly what she ask for. 
The best nail salon in town. Prices are great, service is great, and decor is unique. Would defiantly recommend this place.
TIP: They can do the exact nail style form magzines and pictures, you just have to show them the pictures, or you can bring your own pictures.. I've gone to DC Steak House many times and have yet to be disappointed!  I went in last night for an after work meal with my girlfriend and friends and had another fantastic meal!  My dish was a steak and lobster tail special and it was cooked to perfection.  My girlfriends meal was cooked perfectly as well. (The asparagus was divine.)  Although they had a full restaurant the service was outstanding and the ticket time was on point.  The owner, Dino, stopped by twice to check on our experience and that is always greatly appreciated.  Mandy, behind the bar, was smiling and attentive as always. 
I would highly recommend DC to any and all looking for a great meal, good ambiance, and friendly and attentive service.. I havnt been to schlotskys in a while and I have certainly missed out. Tasty food with fresh ingredients was to be expected of,but they have truly evolved as a deli and should be called Super Schlotskys. I ordered a chipotle chicken on flatbread that was as quik as fast food and restaurant quality. Before i even made it to the bathroom Jyntel saw me walk past and brought the key to me without me having to ask for it. She made sure that she greeted us and bid us farewell while she was helping other customers.Her friendly demeanor and allstar service are just a few reasons why I'll go back and and try some more of their new menu choices.. After hiking the Lost Dog Trail in the McDowells (green & healthy  but not many wild flowers yet) I decided a burger and fries sounded good.  Five bucks even for a hot burger, hot fries and cold shake is a good deal plus it all tasted good.  Crowded but just as quick and good as in Southern CA.. The food was excellent.  They need to get a much bigger place though.  The waiting for a table is toughest part there.  Its just way too long.  You can get a comparable breakfast at the Farmhouse in Gilbert and not have to wait that long there.. Great service! You more than enough food for your money and the service is flawless. The only reason it didn't 5/5 is because you have to catch the establishement on it's rare occasion of not being PACKED or else you'll be waiting a bit for a table as it's almost always busting at the seams (on weekends).. Wife loved the Gumbo. Had the shrimp etouffee which was excellent. Would visit again next time in the area! Thx, DDD!. I LOVE this crazy little local theater!! 
I have seen 4 shows and have enjoyed them all!

If you are looking for high-art theatrical productions..this is not the place for you.
If what you crave is super fun, campy, silly, sweet, small intimate theater experience....BAM! You have found it! 

Always a good time, and I love bringing people who have never been because they love it, and become hooked as well. Grab some friends, buy some tickets and support an awesome little local theater! 
YES YOU! DO IT!. Only been there once but would definitely want to go back again. All day dim sum! The food was good but it being dim sum, sometimes it freshly made and some if it was probably a few hours old and cold by the time it got to us. Went there early afternoon on a Saturday I think and it was fairly empty and they didn't have as many runners and food going around so it took a while for us to get a decent amount of food on our table. I don't know when their prime hours are but it's probably better if you go sometime around there where they're expecting to have a lot of people, thus more food being prepared and it being more fresh. I'd definitely go there again.

Had two tvs but what they were airing was completely random. The big screen had a soccer game going on and there's another screen up front by the waiting area and that was airing Entertainment Tonight or something.. Really nice, one of my favorite lunch time spots. Everything on the menu is great and they have a nice microbrew selection. Very friendly bartenders and servers. Can get crowded at night.. Went on 10/11/14 and Vdara is the best hotel so far that I stayed in while in Vegas. Booked a room at Treasure Island but really wanted to be in the middle of the strip. Checked out Vdara and the views of the suites are impressive. Loved all the windows and it doesnt make you feel like you're a prisoner by walls and a small window like other hotels.

Booked the City corner suite but got upgrade to the Executive suite and got the VIP treatment. My host Teresa comp me $100 to charge to my room and was very courteous showing me to my suite. The king size bed was so comfortable and relaxing. Flat screen in master room and living room. Stand in shower, double sink and deep bath tub is very nice. It had a nice kitchen with a electric stove, full size fridge with freezer, coffee maker. Living room had a queen pull out bed, and it also had a half bathroom. Very spacious and modern look.

When trying to look for the valet it was a little bit confusing and it reminded me of LAX airport. The valet was is the best then any other hotel I been. There is no Casino here but have it at the main hotel at the Aria and is a few minutes to Bellagio hotel which you can take a little bridge and you are inside the hotel of Bellagio. Room service was quick and was set up in our dining room. There is a starbucks located in the lobby.

Vdara should put a sign or mention it to the guest that you have to show your keycard to the attendant standing next to the elevators. Stopping people going to to their room while there hands are full and stopping to look for the keycard can be a hassle. 

 I would recommend the Hotel to family and friends. By the way I had family spread out the strip and some at old town and were jealous of the views and the suite. Good job Vdara/Aria.. I won't be able to summarize eaisly how great this buffet is. With the exception of price, this is by far the best buffet I've ever had the pleasure of dining in, in 50 years of life. Their wide variety of gourmet pleasures are vast to say the least. Their dessert are bar none the best I've ever seen offered at any buffet ever. I not only highly recommend, I suggest you forget wherever you where planning on going, and cone straight here, the best by far!. Restaurant Sinaloa is my little seaside Mexican vacation. Soon as I walk in the door, I'm literally transported. TV's playing the Spanish channel. Juke Box blaring Hispanic music at party volume.  All the signage is in Spanish. The bilingual "small print" on the menu is English! And the seafood is fresh from the gulf of Baja! Shrimp cocktails in big glass goblets of lime juice. Options to the shrimp, if you are adventuresome, include Scallops, oysters and octopus. On the table there are six different brands of hot sauce so you can doctor-up to your content. I like the shrimp burrito. Grilled shrimp, green peppers and onions, with soupy refried beans in a fresh flour tortilla. I'm a bit of a tortilla snob. They serve the real-deal, handmade flour tortillas here. I am always surprised that notable Mexican restaurants, opt for the preservative stenched, shelf life tortillas. Then there is the shrimp soup.... It's a must try. I've yet to introduce anyone to the shrimp soup, whom did not respond with, OMG! The soup is broth style, from a fish stock reduction, and loaded with shrimp and served with a side of fresh chopped cilantro, oinions and more flour (or corn) tortillas!
    Let me predispose you please, to NOT, expect a whole, proper,  trained staff, dining experience.  That expectation would most likely disappoint you, and distract you, from enjoying the unique ethnic food prepaired.. I think that Total Wine is a fantastic liquor, beer, and wine store. This location maintains that standard. Prices are great and the selection is impressive. I also like the wine, beer, AND liquor tastings they offer on Saturdays. As a craft beer enthusiast, I most appreciate the variety of individual beers that I can select to build my own six pack. They have more options than any grocery store or specialty store I've visited for just this purpose.. Unbelievable meal. Seems that you can't go wrong no matter what you order. 

Reservations a must but if your feeling lucky try one of the 5 bar seats. 

Great service. Amazing food. A true 5 star place for Pittsburgh.. I looked up this place on the net while searching for a place to get quality training equipment for my high school boys sports teams.  The reviews were excellent and so were the prices online.  The next natural step was for me to go in to the store to survey the land. 

Boy was I impressed with the products and the quality of service I received.  The employes made me feel comfortable and as they wanted my business now and for the future.  So I made my purchase with their assistance.  AND since they did not have all the equipment I needed they told me they would call me once the next shipment came into the store.  Highly impressed because they called me.  haha.  

Overall, I will be going back and telling everyone about C & S sporting goods!  Thanks y'all.. Will have to definitely check this place out again when in Vegas...that is all :). I go to Vegas 4-6 times a year for trade shows and I've stayed everywhere. This is my go-to place if there's a show at The Convention Center.

Here's why-

1. It's right across the street. You can walk to the show. No parking, no taxis, even a monorail to get to the strip.

2. It's not a Casino! No cigarette smoke, and you just walk right through to your room without getting lost in a tacky maze.

3. The pool and hot tub are open until 11 and almost always deserted. I've sat there for hours and never had to share with anyone.

4. The service is great. We've shipped catalogs and samples ahead many times and the staff is always helpful and friendly when we get there.

5. Breakfast buffet. Nothing special, but beats waiting in line at the trade show to eat breakfast.

The rooms are small and neat, with a working mini-fridge and they even have cold beer on ice and FREE chocolate chip cookies every day after the show.

Ps if you cut through The Riviera to the strip, you can walk to The Peppermill, Vegas' other best-kept secret.. Went there for Valentine's Day dinner...  Awesome place to be..  The food was perfect and the service was too.  This is a must visit place!!!. Desperately seeking caffeine (especially in Vegas)!

I found this place by accident the first time.    I had a great Iced Coffee.    Unfortunately, it took some time to find it the second time.  I honestly needed to walk after all the food I ate - so I made it my mission.

I must mentioned the staff.   My second cup - I had no clue of what I was ordering.   They provided the necessary instruction for me to enjoy my coffee right.   (I know coffee is not rocket science but ...   I was in Vegas and I was a little slow (rough night).

Enjoy!. Based solely on some friends recommendations, we visited Lady C Leather yesterday and met the new owners.  Great great people!  

The business is full of everything you can imagine and a lot more.  A definite must every time we come to Las Vegas.. Efficient, simple to get to, and centrally located.  Great non-stops to pretty much everywhere I need to go.  If I end up moving to Phoenix I've no doubt we will be friends (and your free wi-fi and lightrail access don't hurt that relationship one bit.). Not fancy like a major chain hotel in the area.  Room a little cramped, and has an old style feel in the bathroom.  So if you are expecting a high end hotel room, you will be disappointed.

On the other hand:

- easy to make a reservation last minute.
- bargain priced for downtown.
- service by staff was excellent.
- clean.. Being that this restaurant is a fusion of Peruvian, Japanese and Brazilian cuisine I was definitely interested in going there.  We ordered a bunch of dishes tapas style - Seabass with peruvian corn, Quinotto, Chicken Anticuchos, Yellowtail ceviche and El topo roll.  Food was pretty flavorful and creative,  being a true fan of peruvian cuisine it was a little off especially the ceviche but seabass with peruvian corn was the favorite all around.  Mixed drinks were great especially the Pisco sours and Caiprinhas.  Overall great place for tapas, most portions are small.. Maybe it was my mood, maybe it was the weather, or maybe eating a Chloe's Corner Pastrami & Swiss while enjoying the new Pop Up Park at CityScape was the best lunch experience I've had in 2+ years working Downtown.
Let's start with Chloe's. The sandwich was very tasty but the service deserves separate mention. The staff, led by manager Lisa, is so nice and eager to assist customers that you wonder why other restaurants don't pay closer attention. Or at least spy on Chloe's to see how it's done. 
We ended up taking our lunch (my friend had the Greek salad and tomato soup, also good) outside on the plaza, where DJ William Reed was playing everything from Snow Patrol and Hot Chip to Santagold, and the Downtown Ambassadors were letting folks shoot hoops, play cornhole, check-out books and magazines, and use a variety of board games. The Pop Up Park is a new concept and happens M-F from 11-1. William Reed and Sean Watson provide the music on Thursdays and Fridays. 
You really need to experience this for yourself, especially now that the weather is idyllic.
UPDATE: Whomever controls the music knows their business. This morning the place was rocking Smiths, Tragically Hip, and vintage REM. Perfect pairing with the formidable scent of eggs in the air.. Asian Cafe Express, or ACE, hasn't changed much over the last few years. Located in a nondescript shopping center in Mesa, the interior doesn't get much better than the outside. But you don't come here to be wowed by the interior design, even if you do think the plastic lobsters on the wall are pretty cool, it's all about the food.

Open the menu and within a few pages you'll see typical Chinamerica offerings, such as sweet and sour, lo-mein and fried rice. But keep turning the pages and you'll find some serious real deal Chinese food.


The best value is the Family Meal ($21.29), consisting of three large items, rice and noodles. This is a feast that can easily feed four or more.

Even more impressive is what the kitchen can do with fresh seafood. Across the street from ACE is Mekong Supermarket, an Asian grocer that has a massive fresh seafood counter. Diners can purchase fresh seafood from Mekong, then take it to ACE, where the chef cooks the catch for around $8 per item.

Our party of seven arrived at ACE with bags full of goodies we were greeted and seated, then a brief consultation began. We had purchased live seafood from Mekong's water tanks, including crab ($8.99 a pound), clams ($7.99 a pound) and two lobsters ($9.99 a pound). We also chose a large wide mouth bass ($8.99 a pound) that was cleaned by the Mekong fish monger.

Starting with the bass, the chef simply steamed the fish, then topped with a sauce of ginger and fresh spring onions. The fish was sublime -- fresh, meaty and tender without a hint of fishiness.

The clams were also steamed to perfection with a light sauce of black beans and spring onion. Each tender mollusk was a joy to eat with slight saltiness from the black beans.

Our crab was treated with a dredge of garlic, salt and pepper, then deep-fried. The chef was spot on, making a contrast between the luscious crab meat and the wonderful seasoning. While the crab was still in its shell, it was hacked up into more accessible pieces.

Finishing the feast, we "oohed" and "aahed" as our lobsters were brought to the table. Both lobsters were chopped into pieces, then stir-fried with green onion and ginger and served on top of a bed of crispy pan-fried noodles. They tasted as good as they looked. The lobster meat was so sweet and delicious I wanted to lick the plate clean. A bonus of flavor was hidden as the juices from the lobster were absorbed by the bed of noodles.

This was such a pleasant experience that I'd let the chef at ACE take the wheel for an evening of delectable surprises anytime.. The positive reviews on TripAdvisor,  Google maps and Yelp convinced us to walk the length of the strip from the convention center to try this place out.
At first glance it did not seem like much more than a seafood market/deli.  No fancy tables or franchise decorations.

Don't let that deter you.  The food tasted Great and most importantly... Fresh.  The self serve soup was also quite yummy.  

They played chill music and the ladies working at the counter were sweet and helpful.  Lastly, the prices are very affordable when compared to the nearby seafood restaurants. 

If I lived in Pittsburgh,  I could see myself eating lunch here often.. Perfection ! Dirty martini out standing porter house perfect shrimp cocktail out standing Blue points on point ! And our server Evan was just delightful and perfect in perfect in every way not five stars ten !. My wife loves Loft and she never misses an opportunity to shop there. Although she wasn't as successful this time as on most of her trips, her 26 year old daughter was really successful! She found tanks and shorts, all at incredible prices (60%) sale. 

Great everyday clothes!. Are here twice in two days. Tried the lunch and breakfast; both were simply amazing. In fact, the only thing that keeps this from being a five star experience was a server named Shelby. She was horrible. I found this strange since the server we had on the first visit here was so friendly, knowledgeable about the dishes and professional. Shelby, however, was none of those things. She would disappear for long stretches of time, didn't know the menu well and couldn't answer the simplest questions about certain dishes. 

We already knew that questionaires came at the end of the meal since the previous day our server received high praise from us. Funny how the device suddenly didn't work when Shelby brought the check -- minus a writing utensil. We had to wait until another server walked by our table to use hers so we could sign the receipt. Sigh.. Was a little hesitant but I'm glad I tried it. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the portion sizes aren't that great compared to the price. Real nice variety including gluten and dairy free options. Probably be back because the wife loves the place. Don't go when you're starving and you'll love the place.. This place is amazing me and my wife stayed here for our first time in Vegas. The rooms were great and the bartenders on Saturday night are absolutely outstanding! Seriously made my our night! Erin and the owner are great!!. Just got back from Milo's.  This is a small cozy place with a real local feel.  The service was excellent.  The food was quite good.  I got a Cuban black bean and ham soup followed by a broiled salmon on rice with vegetables and mango.  It was a quiet and homey place good for a conversation.  Also, tonight (Wednesday) there were a lot of old women there.. which made it kind of cute =p.

The location is really quite strange.  While it is connected to the Lincoln Square Mall, the entrance is on outside (specifically the East side) of the mall.  And wow I have to say that Mall is straaange to walk through.. nearly abandoned and oh so ugly.. $1 margaritas + $5 lunch specials make this a great place for lunch!

Went for dinner, food was still very good but not as absurdly well priced (but still very reasonable!). I love that this place is open late night.  Great because I get off late, and it's a perfect place to go after work.  We used to go to Ichiza, but this place is way better.  The decor is way better too.  Nice small food bites, kinda like japanese tapas.. Howard T is right.  Why is this place called Ping Pang Pong?  I thought it was Ping Pong Pang.  Why oh why doesn't a person realize how this sounds?  It's like naming your noodle house Pho King.  WTF?

Anyways, Howard T, myself and a few other guys went here because my friend (the same friend who insisted on going on the 95 to get to Oyshi Sushi) had a $90 food credit.  There is no way that 5 guys can go through $90 worth of dim sum, right?  WRONG.  DEAD WRONG.  There were 5 of us guys and 4 of us weighed more than 180 lbs each.  We can eat.  We can eat A LOT.  Especially for dim sum.  It only helps that their dim sum is tasty.  Sure the portions are a little smaller and the prices are a bit more expensive than those you'd find at Chinatown, but they're still good.. I am not from the south therefore I cannot determine what authentic barbecue really is, but Lucille's delivered an exceptional dining experience. 

The service was quick and hospitable. They almost instantly brought out their biscuits with apple butter. These are delicious! I ordered the artichoke dip as an appetizer, and the brisket sandwich as my entrée. The artichoke dip was good, but the brisket sandwich was amazing! It was cooked to perfection with a sweet barbecue glaze over the top. The meat literally fell apart inside the potato bun. I would definitely recommend this sandwich. I also like the fact that Lucille's puts their drinks in mason jars. And if you are still thirsty after your meal, they offer a soda to go!

Overall, the service was friendly enough to make me feel welcome and the food was undoubtedly delicious. Lucille's deserves this five star rating. If you enjoy southern style/ barbecue food, this is an excellent choice!. Honestly, how can you go wrong with In-N-Out? It's a quality fast food chain that delivers consistent quality for an attractive price. Plus, everyone who works here always seems cheerful and in a good mood. Definitely not the healthiest food in the world, but why not treat yourself every once in a while?!. Great place! The service was outstanding and the prices are just right. The portions are even better. I had the orange chicken and it wasn't fried like you normally would get it an it was great.. Food was great as was their portions. Especially if you go in a group. It's easy to share between people great for family and friends.. Petite Maison has nice French food at a decent price. Great hors d'oeuvres. I like Rillettes de saumon, steak tartare, and croque Monsieur. Desserts are excellent. Tarte Tatin is my favorite! I've never had Creme brulee au chocolat there but my dad says it's really good too. Go try it, you won't be disappointed!. EVERY time I have come here, the people have been super nice and welcoming. They have offered me samples and told me what everything is and how to eat it the best way. 

I have been here probably 4 times in a 30 day span and I am never disappointed. I tried a torta for the first time and I came back with friends to have the delicious taste of what makes this place the perfect Mexican late night food stop. 

Oh, btw they have $1 tacos from 8-10pm and if you check in on FB you can get a free drink on the bar side or the food side. 

Definitely somewhere to stop by when you're in the mood for some delicious, authentic Mexican food.. Mixteca is my favorite fast food Mexican joint.  I usually go here for breakfast and the inside is really nice and it doesn't have an odor like most Filberto's or Rolbertos or Berthabertos, ha ha.  Anyway, I usually get the chorizo plate or chiquilitas plate or breakfast burrito.  The food is always so tasty and the chorizo is never runny, the beans are creamy  and the flour tortillas are pretty good too but not homemade.  The food always comes out in a ceramic dinner plate, not some paper plate and the chips and salsa are to die for.  The hot sauce has a hint of garlic and cilantro (my mouth is watering just describing it).  They have really cool melon and watermelon drinks that my kids love.  My wife always gets a egg, cheese, & pico burrito.  I have not been here yet for dinner but I am sure it is just as good as the breakfast, you can tell the owners put there heart in this place because it really shows.. Marcus the bartender was the shit!!!He took care of us!!!The drinks were great and atmosphere was electric!. I swore I wrote a review for GFonM already, but apparently I didn't!

When my GF graduated college I wanted to take her to the best restaurant in the QC and saw how highly rated this place was on Yelp.

Well they didn't disappoint.  The place is kind of neat because it is fancy and white tablecloth-y, but you wouldn't stick out that bad if you were dressed casual but nice.  The waitstaff didn't seem pretentious at all either.  They are totally down to earth and made good recommendations.

It is pricey, but actually the price per dish isn't that bad at all, although the portion size is quite small of course.  If you are starving and want to fill up it is going to cost you.

We got like half of the dishes on their menu and they were all very good.  They accidentally gave us someone else's Korean Beef, which was a good bonus since it was delish.  I thought it was one of our orders!

Good wine selection and fantastic decor.  The "mood lighting" is definitely dark, which makes it a little tough to see your food, but it's acceptable.  

Parking can be pretty rough and if you want to take a walk around after your meal, your options are somewhat limited.  I tried to take a lap around the block and had to scale parking garages and jump puddles to take a loop, but hey that's Charlotte for ya.. This is a great out of the way place, prices are right and you will have leftovers! Plenty of others have left more detail reviews, so I won't go into much more than to say, you simply have to get there and have a little slice of the "non tourist" Vegas life.. I'm not sure what's expected of a Louis Vuitton store review. They are a super-premium brand with super premium stores and super-premium employees and service. 

You walk in with a certain expectation and it's met every time, in every store, in every country, because that's what you're paying for. 

This store was no exception. 

The products, while super-premium priced, have the benefit of appreciating in value when used rather than depreciating, are made in 1st-world countries' factories (United States, France, Spain, Italy and Germany) rather than sweat-shops throughout Asia, and though I was skeptical at first my wife insisted -- and I have since come to believe -- that they will take a monstrous beating and still look like brand new, serving quietly for decades and looking better every day as the leather ages.. My son and I recently had dinner at this restaurant in the Pallazo owned by Mario Batalli and I have always wanted to eat at one of his places. We sat at the bar and had incredible service from Eric and Cooper. We asked them what the best things on the menu were and they instantly recommended the steak tartar and the grilled Octopus to start. We ordered those and they were insane...cannot believe grilled Octopus could be so tender and delicious. So then they said we need to share the bone in Sirloin which had been aged 120 days. It to was fantastic and they actually carve it off the bone for you table side. I cannot recommend this place enough but I think sitting at the bar made the difference for us as the conversation with these two bartenders was really fun. It's New Years day, friends are in town and we need a place to eat, has to be Geisha house, but wait a minute, the eastside is closed ! WTF, seriously, noooooooo

At this point the group wants teppanyaki, one of the group comes up with Benihana ! Seriously, I had to drag her away to have a quiet chat about good food, silly lady.

Anyways, a quick phone call later and we find that the location in the southwest is open, so a 20 minute drive.

Same menu, nice decor, let's eat.

Well there are some differences, this location seems to use more teriyaki and less secret sauce, mmm not so good...Service was ok, but we are used to the eastside location where in fairness we are known so are drinks come to the table without having to order. However, plates were left on the tables for a while before the busperson got around to collecting them. But drinks were refilled quickly, so ok, they get a pass.

The food, well yes it had more teriyaki than normal, but the Geisha House taste was still there, so it was good, I will say, with 7 of us around the table there wasn't the normal flow to the food coming on to the plate, this is to be expected, but again, the eastside manages to get the food on the plate quickly.

So food is good, service was ok, a couple of small things I really liked.

My wife asked about the knife the chef was using, he gave us probably a 10 minute lecture (I use that phrase in a good way) about the different types of knives to use for cooking and how the knife he uses for the grill is actually pretty cheap (because he goes through them quickly due to metal on metal) but he keeps is razor sharp and he even gave my wife some ideas on new kitchen knives for her. Of course it was only after getting home that I found out how much a Bob Kramer knife costs lol

Also the manager was a lot of fun, he checked on us a couple of times during the meal and even comped us desert and a round of drinks to welcome in the new year, love it.

One little feature that I will be trying, they have grills out on the patio, once the weather warms up we will have to give that a try.

So all in all a good meal.. Die Einrichtung ist einfach und simpel, gekocht wird hinter einer offenen Theke. Also passend zu einem Schnellrestaurant. Auch die Zubereitungszeit ist flott und das Essen steht wenig später auf dem Tisch. 
Die Speisen, ich hatte eine Frühlingsrolle und Schweinefleisch süßsauer, sind gut. Allerdings bestand das Gemüse im Schweinefleisch süßsauer nur aus grünen Erbsen und Ananas. Die Hummerkrappen nach Empfehlung des Hauses (leider weiß ich die Bezeichnung nicht mehr) waren aber deutlich reichhaltiger. Das Essen bleibt aber einfache, dafür schnelle Kost.. We tried the lunch on a Thursday around 11:30.  It wasn't busy at all, so we selected a table with a great view of the mountains and tennis courts.

At first service was a bit slow with the drinks, I think the wait staff could use a little more familiarity with English.  However, the food was fantastic for a buffet, especially at a Casino in Arizona.  A staple of these places, salmon, was moist and not dry or rubbery.  This was surprising.  There was an ample selection of vegetables, from fresh salad, steamed asparagus and some crudites choices.  All the vegetables looked fresh and tasted fresh.  You can sometimes get old vegetables that have been sitting out, but not a problem here.

The cheeses in the hors d'œuvre section of the buffet were fantastic.  Also, the prime rib with horse radish was good.  The Asian section had noodles and fried rice, which were okay.  The fried items such as pot stickers, crab rangoon, and egg roll were very good.  The Calamari was good, nice and soft, not overcooked.  Finally, some of the desserts were very good, but some of the cookies were dried out, the macaroons were perfectly moist and chewy.

Overall, an excellent buffet experience for $12.95.. Legit.  Bar food is typically mediocre, but not this place.  Solid menu with some nice healthy options.  The food is fresh and well prepared.  Service is fast and friendly.  

Been the Lucky Lou's 3-4 times the past couple of months and I have found the food and service to consistently good.. Very reasonably priced. Good portions. It satisfied my chicken shawarma craving. I ordered the lamb chops plate for my kids. There was none left for me to try. My wife got the beef kabob plate she was happy. 

The owners were very friendly, and I am rooting for them.. Short version:
If you like Hot 'n' Juicy Crawfish, but hate the cramped dining room and horrible parking, check out the Boiling Crab. It's like HJC with 4x the dining room space and decent parking.

Long version:
I went here with some friends because I heard of its similarities to HJC, and didn't feel like the crapshoot of getting a table in a decent amount of time or finding parking at HJC. It was 5 of us plus my infant son.

Seating:
We were seated almost immediately, even though the place was almost entirely full. It was a table for 4, with a 5th seat added to one end and a highchair added to the other. Slightly cramped, but we were going to share everything family-style, so no big deal. As is typical with these types of places, the table setting is a plastic sheet with no settings or utensils. Oddly, though, there was a napkin dispenser instead of a roll of paper towels. The napkin dispenser ran out 2/3 of the way through dinner and had to be replaced, and I can't help but think a paper towel roll would've served better.

Food:
We ordered:
2 lbs of shrimp, "whole shebang" sauce/medium spice
2 lbs of snow crab legs, one with lemon pepper/medium, one with shebang/mild
2 lbs of king crab legs, cajun spice/mild
1 lb of clams, Shebang/xxx (maximum spicy)
1 order of fried catfish with fries
1 order of sweet potato fries

The shrimp was a great appetizer for the table and a great way to gauge the flavor of the sauce and the level of spice. The shrimp were large, the sauce was very tasty, and it gave us a good baseline for spice levels.

The crab legs were all excellent, although the king crab was definitely the most flavorful. I'd rate the sauces: 1. shebang, 2. cajun, 3. lemon pepper.

The clams were meaty and delicious. The xxx spice level was a nice surprise, as it actually packed a decent punch. As I liked spicy the most at the table, I ended up eating most of these - everyone tried one, and enjoyed the flavor, but most didn't want to deal with that much heat.

I'm not a huge catfish person, but the fried catfish was decent. The sweet potato fries didn't have any extra seasoning, but I preferred them to the cajun fries.

Also, as this type of place serves the food in the bag of sauce, it's messy as all hell. Your hands will smell like seafood for hours afterward, no matter how much you wash. Price you pay for delicious seafood flavor.

Service:
The place was busy, but a few different servers ended up dropping off food and refilling drinks. Overall they were prompt and courteous, although for some reason they served the catfish and fries about 5 minutes after the shrimp and about 10 - 15 minutes before any of the crab or clams. Kind of odd timing on that.

Overall:
Loved the food, loved not having to wait 45 minutes for a table, loved the availability of parking. Will definitely come back.. Still wonderful - we've been here once before a couple years ago for the more-or-less full treatment, but always wanted to come back.  Had our chance when plans at another place in the MGM fell through ( closed for renovation, what?? ), and we wandered up to the front desk near opening time and inquired if they had a spot - just for a couple drinks and a couple dishes.

They are not really that sort of place - reservations seem derigeur - but after momentary hesitation, they found us a seat at the bar.  Not the kitchen bar which takes up most of the restaurant, but the *actual* bar - almost unnoticed, right by the restrooms, about four seats in front of which they produce the cocktails.

The bar guy was friendly, if a little gruff at first.  The drinks were well made.  The food ( we concentrated on foie dishes ) was amazing as usual, even if we didn't quite see it being made this time.

This remains in my opinion one of the highest quality semi-casual fine dining establishements in Las Vegas - and definitely still an unique experience.. Vic is awesome. I have used him to set up my home 7.1 surround sound system and car audio. Always on time, very dependable and easy to get a hold of through phone or email. Highly recommended.. Go on the 21 and up side only to drink. It's always fatty dance night in there. The girls on the 18+ side are pretty smokin' for the most part. The place is a little dirty, but it's ok. The clientele is sometimes creepy, but again just mind your own and you will have fun.. Free WIFI. Coffee and Bagels all in one stop. Plus there are plenty of electrical outlets to plug into.

I usually get the Bagel thin sandwich with turkey sausage, egg white, and sun-dried tomato spread. It's a great lunch item thats around 400 calories and you can choose whichever bagel you want, all for $4. I would like to see more variety for the bagel sandwiches on the healthy items menu though. Overall, its a good place and atmosphere.. This attraction is a great place to spend some time on a hot summer day.  It is very nice and cool inside!  While the aquarium isn't as big as Monterrey Bay Aquarium, it is a great place to visit, especially for families with young children.  On the day we visited, the people working at the aquarium were very friendly and helpful - coming by and asking if we had any questions or if we needed anything.  The only item I would change is the displays that give the names of the sea life.  Instead of being just an old-fashioned sign with pictures and descriptions, they have a display that highlights each species in that section and tells a little about it.  I like the old way.  I noticed some folks talked about a lack of sharks in prior reviews - well, we saw plenty of those.  Lobsters, starfish, seahorses, rays, and so on.  Our family was absolutely delighted with our visit - thanks Sea Life Arizona!. This is a funky, super sexy, yummy place!
We ended up here by complete accident! And what a great accident it was.
Walking into the place you are immediately hit with a dark and sexy room.
It has this awesome "secret locals only place" vibe. 
Large bright cocktails, dim lights and candles and a soft buzz of conversation throughout. It felt good!

We were a larger groups and decided to split a "slab o' meat" for the table.
With a ton of delicious sides like brussels sprouts, garlic mashed, etc.

We went classic. But everything was really tasty! The service was perfect!
With an array of fun and funky cocktails.

We loved it!. I love stopping by at Chompies when I'm craving a deli sandwich or new york style bagel! Everything is so delicious with large portions. I always get their bagel and joe combo if I'm in a rush. The atmosphere feels like a busy deli in NYC. The service is excellent and very attentive. Their omelettes are excellent and come with a choice of bagel on the side. Its big enough for two people! This seems more of a breakfast/lunch place to me though as I've never been for dinner.. So first off it is extremely noisy so it is probably not the easiest place to have a quiet conversation however the food is really top-notch we had the crab cakes which you've seen in other reviews which is absolutely outstanding and my wife had the fish tacos I have three of them and they actually have a sweet taste I had a special chicken chili relleno which was excellent stuffed with a chicken and with a light fried I'm everything comes with rice and beans obviously extremely popular margaritas and tequila is so except for the fact that the noise level is very high I recommend it. I love coming here for lunch whenever I'm in town. The fish is fresh and the hot line is amazing. The desserts are also on point with a variety of Asian flavored ice creams such as Green Tea and Red Bean. Gotta love it. There are plenty of Sunday afternoons when I have a desire to get out the house and I often end up here. If you've been to other Edinburgh farmers markets you probably know the score.  

Some reasons why I like coming here:

- Harajuku Kitchen. Possibly the best gyoza dumplings ever? They are up there. You should have some. Even if you have already had lunch. The queues can be big but it's worth it. The other eateries are also good though.

- Gourmet foodie stuff. There is an assortment of pickles, sauces, oils and the like. It's a great idea for a gift for a foodie friend. Or just inspiration next time you want to jazz up cheese on toast.

- Fresh produce. Great when you want to make something decent for dinner. Meat, fish, cheese, bread, veg. I've found some more unusual things in the past too such as wild garlic leaves (which makes a decent pasta sauce).

- Drinks. They is usually someone selling Gin/Whisky/Local Beer. On more than one occasion I have gone for a sample and walked away with a bottle. 

- Steampunk coffee. I love Steampunk in North Berwick and always make a point of visiting, so it's always a bonus when they come through to Stockbridge. It can get busy and waiting 10 minutes for a flat white that I will drink in 1 is a bit excessive. But on the other hand they do serve it in a awesome campervan!

Even if I don't end up buying anything I do enjoy the bustle of the market and there is always a bit of a buzz.. Cashier was great and gave clear instructions. The team did a great job cleaning the car. Appreciated the complimentary vacuums too.. This was my first time dinning at Pita Pit. The setup reminds me of a Subway, you order your pita sandwich or salad & then proceed to the assembly area to choose toppings. Their sandwiches are served wrapped in pita bread & they have a large selection of sandwiches to choose from. They also have a good selection of veggies, cheeses & sauces to choose from. 

Vegetarian options in the Nortera Shopping Center area are few & far between. Pita Pit is not a vegetarian restaurant by any means, however they do have several veggie pita sandwiches. 

The Hummus Pita tasted really good! The toppings & the pita bread seemed very fresh. While the pita could have been filled with more hummus & veggies, the size was probably sufficient. I will definitely be back to try some of the other options.. Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.. This review is for the dog park only and it's our favorite place for our puppy because it's spacious and clean (for the most part). There are three fenced in grassy areas for dogs: for big dogs, small dogs, and I THINK -- despite the signage being confusing -- the middle area is for both big and small dogs. Parking is plentiful and there are benches, trash cans, and bags for clean-up. The owners here are above average responsible when it comes to picking up after their dogs so keep up the good work!. My wife picked this spot as the place to have her birthday dinner. It ended up being a great choice. We made reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival. I ordered a bottle of wine that is one of our favorites (Justin - Cabernet Sauvignon Paso Robles). We enjoyed the olive oil soaked bread that was served to hold us over until the entree came. My wife and I got the lasagna. It was insane. It was made with Oxtail Ragu and I cannot wait to have it again. The oxtail was such a fine touch to this meal. They also brought a delicious Tiramisu for us to sing "Happy Birthday" . I look forward to eating here again someday. And I will absolutely order that lasagna again.. The Chop Salad! and the fact that this place is connected to my favorite book store, make it a great stop for lunch!. Maggie is the bomb-dizzle. Was driving down the road with no particular place to go. As I drove saw the faint neon signs of eddies tavern... And thought to myself I must stop in for a beer. One turned to two, which turned into a local guy Dan buying me a beer. Great places are defined by the patrons, and the bad ass bartender who could probably beat the sh!t out of me, or at least when I get out of line.. This is a great pizza place ... even better when it's nice enough to sit on their amazing patio!

My girlfriend and I shared a bottle of Sangria, which was tasty.

We've been here twice.  Service is definitely hit-and-miss.  One time we went there, the server was too busy.  The other time, the server forgot to return my credit card.

The pizzas are good.  Nothing spectacular, but definitely good.. Was here for a special event last month. I was really impressed. I had figured it was you basic bar food, and yeah it sort of is. I say sort of because I think its like bar food elevated to the next level. We had a large party and sampled  a wide variety of the menu items, and everyone thought they were great. 
The beer menu is vast and impressive. The wait staff was knowledgeable about the beers and also made suggestions. We sample a few specialty shots as well and they were top notch. 

I would give the Hungry Monk a full five stars, but the wait staff seemed a little frazzled by our party size and there were a couple of miscommunications as well. 


Otherwise it was an outstanding and I wouldn't hesitate to go back!. Very chill environment, awesome people. Patient and great customer service. Definitely worth it to pop in and see what they have going on.. Friendly, honest, and speedy service. My family has been ripped off by multiple tire stores, but we've never had a negative experience with Gunnell's. So, they've earned our business!. A fine place to grab an expertly crafted sandwich for a reasonable price, a little pretentious but that's west coast living. Awesome food and services. Recommend sausage and mash!. They have a nice selection of groceries. I like that they carry name brand products like Laxami and Patak's. Some of the Indian grocery in Phoenix try to market their own brands instead of carrying mainstream and recognized brands. The store was clean, spacious and well lit.

I have not noticed any expired food or expired dates. However, let's be honest this is a problem of all Indian grocery stores. They all try to sell expired products and you have to be careful and look at the labels and not buy strange or old looking cans or bottles of pickle

The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the service. They are not rude but they are not friendly or helpful either. The owner was reading a newspaper and didn't want to be disturbed with questions and doesn't smile or try to be helpful.  We were afraid to ask questions. 

The prices were fair and inexpensive. We spent $35 total and bought a small bag of rice, bag of po ha grain, large bag sabudhana, three bottles of achar, and several of bags of spices. This would have been $50 at Lee Lee's market or another grocery store in the valley.

I would recommend coming here but just be aware not to ask too many questions to the owner. If you live in Chandler, this is the only grocery store in the area. If there was another one with friendlier service, we would shop there. Hopefully someone reads this and opens another store.. Unfortunately they have closed.. Got the Yelp Check In deal for 20% off the Super Deluxe bringing it to an amazing $16. Great deal in my book!

Finally decided to get my poor Corolla washed one day and decided to give this place a try. Can't complain too much about a $16 hand carwash interior AND exterior. Solid place and I will definitely be coming back again. 

They have a little sitting and waiting area for customers while your car is being attended to. I was told my car would be about 15-20 for the Super Deluxe and it was pretty true to the estimate. 

There were a few blips with my car like a sticky (too sticky..) steering wheel from their product afterwards and whoever was wiping down my car missed a few spots which I had to point out before I left. Nothing too major though.. love their happy hour menu!! service is great! staff very friendly! shout out to ian and gang!!. Just across the street form the picturesque Wisconsin State Capitol, proudly sits the little-big restaurant that could. From its' outsized and colorful lively décor to the background irish fiddle music playing throughout your lunch, a better meal to be had by visitors and residents of Madison would be hard to come by. Personable service and good food took the chill off the winter midday outdoors. The fish and chips were expertly prepared and would rival anything this side of London. A very good place to pop in and sit a spell.. Go figure....an outstanding restaurant at a hotel! I think hell just froze over.

Great food. Excellent service......great stop!. Loved this place if you're a child of the 80s 90s you'll love it too.

Stopped in because my tickets for Rock of Ages came with a free shot.  The place was an awesome place to get ready for the show and their selection of Bourbons was top notch.  Great service  and music complete with their ridiculous MTV music videos*I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.


*FYI MTV used to play music videos.. After using several companies over the years, I found American Stitch. For the past three years I have used them about a dozen times, watched their business grow and expand while maintaining a high customer service level and quality product at a competitive price point.

Always willing to go above and beyond, and delivering my orders on time. I would highly recommend giving Chad and his crew a try on you next project.. The first few years I was eating at this place, I just ate cheese pizza.  When I try a pizza place for the first time, I just get a slice of cheese to see how it is before adding anything.  I fell in love with the plain cheese!  It took me a long time to upgrade to toppings, which I eventually did.

My point is, if a pizza place makes a cheese pizza that you can eat over and over again, they are doing something right!

I have had many items on the menu, and everything has been great.

I like to sit out front at the couple of tables on the sidewalk.  It is on ASH right next to Casey's, so it is an interesting corner to relax and people watch.. Great place to workout. Low prices, you will not feel out of place. Workouts for all levels. Come join the fun.. Went for the first time yesterday. Doesn't look like much from the front but awesome on the inside. I actually like that because it keeps those who don't know out. Great service and swag interior.. Lotus of Siam is a bit off the strip, and sits in a sketchy area. There is nothing special about this place, inside and out. After reading so much about it, and hearing Andrew Zimmern rave about this place, it was on top of my list for my last Vegas trip. It goes to show, all of the top restaurants aren't inside the popular casinos and resorts. Most of them are all commercialized and owned by restaurant groups. Lotus of Siam is one of one. It makes it unique and special, and is a part of Vegas as much as any of the popular resorts.

We started things off with something exciting and new. The Koong char num plar, raw prawns marinated in seasoned fish sauce was a favorite of ours. With the spicy fish sauce, fresh garlic and roasted chili paste, the dish definitely had flavor. Ironically, I used a bunch of that fish sauce to get rid of the rawness and "fishy" flavor. Spiciness met sweetness from the shrimp. The texture of this was spectacular. A bit on the sticky side, the texture took some getting used to. Still a great way to start.

My personal favorite was the Nam Kao Tod. It was a crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts, and lime juice. Texturally different from the raw shrimp, this had a nice crunch, and the crunch played a great role in this dish. The ginger flavor popped and the citrus was key. It was delicious and refreshing.

The dish of all dishes-the one to get here always Is the Drunken Noodle Prawn. Thick rice noodles are on fried with deep fried prawns. The shell I kept on and the frying process makes the skins edible. The special blend of garlic sauce and Thai basil was perfect. The prawns were cooked perfectly and the crunch of the skin was amazing. This dish is pretty hard to pass up -- a definite must order here.

To end everything, we ordered the coconut ice cream with sticky rice. It was a great neutralizer form all that garlic, shrimp, and spices. The coconut flavor was mild and not too overpowering. My favorite was the sticky rice. Everything just had such a delicate flavor and nothing was overbearing.

Back home in Los Angeles, there are a bunch of Ktown style Chinese restaurants that have pretty good food. From spicy seafood noodles to fried pork and beef dishes, they are all delicious, but you won't find any of these in China. The menu hasn't changed ever since the first time I went, and that is the quality of the places. You know what you will get, and its the same no matter when you go. Lotus of Siam is kind of like that. The menu hasn't changed in forever, and the food, though may not be genuine Thai renditions is delicious.. They changed the menu and it is better than before.   They have a special running for burgers/hot dogs etc if you get the players hard.  $3 cheeseburgers and $3 pretzels, etc.   Overall, I think the food is good.   It is just not amazing.   If you like tator tots, get them.  They are delicious.. I freaking love this place. I love coming to Vegas for Aloha Specialties because there aren't many Hawaiian food places in Cali. But we decided to try it and I never knew how well Island flavor could be done with a Korean taste. Came here the next day as well I wish I could give this place more stars.. Great tasting donuts...the French vanilla cappuccino is a little overwhelming with sugar...friendly staff. My favorite spot in Tempe! The food is phenomenal, the drinks are perfection, and the prices are the cheapest. The atmosphere is always welcoming, and the crowd is just as diverse.. Good is delicious! Small place so challenging for bigger groups more than 8 persons...we really like this place as it is good than Korean BBQ buffet.. Ton of beers, great appetizers. Plus Micheal Mina was there while we were. Thought that was pretty cool, considering it was 2pm on a Thursday. 

Great beer specials, try the Nachos. Seriously.. My wife wanted to try Thai tonight.  So, off on Yelp we went and we found the reviews on Lotus of Siam.  Based on what we read, it sounded great and we went to check it out.

First off, it was quite a hike from where we live to the restaurant (45 minutes).  It is not located in a very pristine area.  In fact, questionable would be a nice word.  The only good part of the location is that it is in an outside shopping mall.  As a result, there were plenty of parking.  When we arrived, there were not a lot of cars there.

We made reservations for Friday @ 5:30pm (opening time).  By the way, MAKE reservations.  Otherwise, good luck on getting a table.  When we got there, there already was a line about 15-20 people deep.  That is a great sign.  Somehow, people waiting outside kinda reminds me of the Disney flick/cartoon -- Ratatouie (you know at the end of the movie where the crowd is waiting to get in).  By the way, if you do not have reservations, depending on how busy they are, you may be turned down.  They turned a few people away due to "no availability".

Because of the early dinner and the reservation, we had no problems getting a table and were seated within a few minutes.  Walking into the restaurant, you notice immediately how clean and big the restaurant is.  The staff were very courteous and friendly.  I was definitely impressed.  

Now, on to the food, the 3 of us ordered a variety of items and shared amongst us.  By the way, there was a table of 8 family members next to us, they all ordered their own dish and did not share.  I can not imagine us doing this.  I would be tempted to taste and try every possible dish that I can.  Anyways, this is what we ordered: 

Appetizers:
a.  Tom Yum Coconut Soup w/ Chicken.  Compared to a lot of Thai restaurants that I have been, this was on the scale of AVERAGE.  It was okay and nothing to brag about.  Would I order this again... probably not -- I would preferred to try something else.  It was good average... I give this a mid to low 3 stars.

b.  #14 - Nam Kao -- okay, we ordered this because of the reviews.  It is basically sliced ginger, mixed with some fried type of crouton/rice/bread (hard to pinpoint), green onions, red onions, papayas, and some other stuff.  I guess this is sort of a hit or miss.  You either like it or not.  Honestly, I was not a fan.  In fact, I thought this was the worst dish of the night.  I give this a mid 2 stars.

c.  Beef salad -- this was the star of our dinner.  By far and away the best dish of the night.  If I knew, I would have ordered 2-3 of these puppies.  The beef was cooked to perfection ~ medium rare.  And, it was seasoned to perfection.  The only issue that I had was that it was very spicy (for a #2 spice level).  I must have drained 3 large glasses of water.  But, this was well worth it.  My first 5 stars.

Entrees:
a.  Drunken Sea Bass w/ Noodles -- okay, this dish was about 29.95.  It was a bit pricey; however, based on the review, we had to try it.  And, quite frankly, this was a very good dish.  The Sea Bass was soft, tender, and flaky.  And, the right mixture of sweetness and season was mixed in with the noodles. But, I did not think this should have been a $29.95 dish.  It is a bit steep.  For this, I grade it as a low 4-4.25 stars.

b.  Fried Prawns -- this was by far the most original dish.  They basically take these jumbo sized shrimp (think size 10-15) and peel the skin back.  Best way to explain this is to think of a horizontal line.  On one end of the shrimp is the shrimp meat and on the other is the peeled shell side.  They marinate the whole shebang in some salty sauce and deep fry it.  What you get is a fried shrimp with the shell attached.  You eat both the meat and the shell.  It was quite tasty.  However, I have to say that I wished they had a dip for this - something tangy would be a nice fit .. i.e. sweet and sour would do.  For originality and taste, I give them a high 4 stars or low 5 stars.

Desserts:
a.  Fried Banana -  If I had to do it again, I would not order this.  It was okay.... also, we were a bit too full to eat this -- doggy bag time.  2-3 stars.\

b.  Sweet Rice with Mangos -- this was not too original.  I was not into the rice; however, I have to admit that the mangos were very sweet.  I give this a mid 3-star rating for the mangos.

Overall, this was a pretty cool experience.  The service was excellent.  We had some dishes that were okay, but we also had some amazing and original dishes as well.  Dinner total for 3 (no drinks - except water) totaled to 106 dollars.  With tip, it added up to $125 in all.  3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts -- hmm, not a bad price at all!  I would give this a solid 4 with room to move up to 5 star status...

BTW, as we walked out around 7pm, the whole restaurant was packed and the parking lot was filled with Lotus of Siam patrons.

We definitely would be back.  And, we look forward to trying other dishes.

Cheers!!!. Just had these guys print some shirts for me and a vinyl window sticker.  Everything turned out great!  I was able to choose from a catalog of shirt manufacturers and I didn't have to order all the same size or all the same shirt to get a quantity discount.  They are VERY accommodating and helpful.  Their art department is also great.  I gave them an image I had created at home with Microsoft paint and they turned it into something they could use.  I highly recommend and plan to do business with them for years to come!
- TREEWISE, LLC. Easily the best bagels in Phoenix.  Lofty statement I know, but try for yourself and you'll say the same thing.  Well done Bagel Man. Although they were under construction during my visit I love the old school feel of the place.  I'm just amazed people can afford bowling...every time and every where I have ever went has equated to $100 outing.  Hmmm....maybe I need to get my own shoes or something.  Ok, so there were a decent beer special that saved my $3.00 on 5 beers so that makes me a happy camper too.  Jukebox was pretty cheap too and you just can't bowl without music can you?  I'll be excited to see what the new construction is, probably a much needed upgrade to the place seeing as how old it is already.. My favorite store at the premium outlet mall. They have Jordan stuff for $10, Nike shoes 2 pr for $60 and lots of outlet only apparel.  This is a true Nike lovers Disneyland. All things NIKE.. This place is a hidden gem. Food is excellent , extremely nice chef/owner. We had the Korean beef short ribs and the pork belly. It was the perfect portion. Salad is good too. I tried the homemade wasabi ranch and cheese black vinaigrette , both had great flavors. We will definitely put this in our rotation. Amazing place to take anyone out to hang out. This place has swimming pools giant slides and just spots to chill. Great place to enjoy your time for hours and hours. They have live entertainment sometimes at night too and sushi bar. Awesome place. Great beers and great people. Large menu. I've never had a bad meal here!. For all of you visitors like me who are visiting the Great White North, let's get the white elephant out of the room . . . You're in Canada so the prices of cigars are extremely high. Extremely!!!  

Now that you've begun to accept the situation you've found yourself in. . . you can slowly browse through the cornucopia of cigar abundance lovingly displayed in the two walk-in Humidors of this wonderful La Casa del Habano Montreal. The humidor directly in front of you as you walk through the entrance has a large selection of regular production Cuban cigars and Cuban cigars released specifically for LCDH stores.  The humidor directly to the left of you as you walk through the entrance has a nice selection of aged cigars, Limited Edition, Canadian Regionals "Exclusivo Canada", and a small selection of "other" regionals.  Some of the "other" regionals I noticed during my visit were the Por Larranaga Asia Pacificos, Juan Lopez Francias and the Bolivar Russias "Emperador".   

Now that you're done ogling and enjoying the aroma of all the beautiful cigars and have selected a few to purchase you can either 1) pay for your goodie bag and giddily walk back to your hotel OR 2) select one of those babies that you just shelled a mint on and take a seat in the back lounge and start puttin some smoke in the air.  My choice was number 2 of course after noticing the delicious selection of rums, whiskey and scotch I could imbibe in.  

I chose the Havana Club 7 year old to go with my H Upmann 2012 LCDH Noellas and it was an hour of pure enjoyment.  I don't know when I'll be back here again, but if I'm ever back I'll be visiting the LCDH Montreal eh!. Good, fast service with great, friendly customer service.  They now carry Specialized Bikes.  They also have more parts in stock then they used to.. If you need stupidly huge bags of chicken wings or other food items without a membership card or high prices, this is your place.

My last visit to Smart & Final stood out to me due to a certain group of people in the store that day.  I knew when I saw that glittery "3 DIVAZ" license plate in the store's parking lot, this was going to be a day where an ordinary experience turned magical.  And it didn't take long to figure out the car owners, because they brought "The Sass" (TM).

(I'm a notorious people watcher, by the way, and Vegas does keep it amusing.)

Triplicate girls with attitude aside, you can find all sorts of things in here that you normally can't get in other grocery stores.  I'm not kidding when I say that if you're on a budget and need to feed some people, you can get plentiful goods for decent prices.

What tickles my particular fancy?  Mexican Coca-Cola.  You know, the soda that actually has real sugar in it.  I can't find it anywhere else, and they sell cases of it here without the need of a passport or small children trying to sell you chicle.  I felt like I discovered a rare treasure the first time I stumbled across this holy beverage, and as a result, my garage is full of them.

The only problem is that the concept of "great deal" means you end up spending more than you would under more rational circumstances, and the store doesn't have everything, but it's good for bulk trips.

Fun (as far as a grocery store can be, anyway) for finding some rare food item that you normally won't find in other stores.. I have to say that what's been missing from the entire Las Vegas valley was Indian fast food.  I was hoping this place would make the cut and I am glad to report that it does indeed.  It's not the best Indian food I've had but for fast food and an amazing price, this place is absolutely stellar.

Must get the Naan, it is the best I've had.. My family has made 2 Brothers a tradition. We like to try new breakfast places and are really happy we now have a great one in Anthem. Top recommendations include the home style potatoes, french toast, blueberry pancakes, coffee, and southwest style omelette. Service is prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere is casual.. Really enjoyed Roka Akor. While on vacation in Scottsdale, we happened upon this spot basically on sight. Ambiance is very stylish and cool. We sat at the robata bar near the open grill. The aromas were wonderful, but the smoke can get overwhelming after a while. Service was friendly and helpful; he recommended I have the skirt steak cooked to more of a medium than my usual rare, which was a good tip. Mushroom hotpot was really good as were the veggie sides. The torched salmon nigiri was my favorite appetizer. Be prepared for a pricey dinner though.. Everyone loves sandwiches, right? Right. But have you experienced a true gourmet sandwich? No, I'm not talking about getting the specialty of the month at Subway, or waiting in the ridiculously long line at Jersey Mike's for them to slice the meat just so they can say it's "fresh". I'm talking about a truly delicious sandwich that has been created by one of America's top chefs.

'wichcraft is one of my favorite sandwich spots. Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I always have to at least go there once. Each time, I am not disappointed. Yes, you may have to tough it out in a looooong line that could take 30+ minutes before you get to the counter to order, but that time can be well spent: going item by item through the menu so you can piece together that perfect meal, or just stand a people watch. I mean, you're in Vegas, and the pool is near, so chances are there will be good looking people grabbing a 'wich before heading out to the pool!

Today I got the roasted turkey sandwich and a cup of the spicy lentil soup.

The soup was a generous helping of a tasty broth - with just a slight heat to it, and a healthy amount of crisp veggies. The thing I really liked about this soup, was that even though it was a lentil soup, it felt light, and had just the right amount of spiciness. Terrific.

The sandwich was OFF THE HOOK! Roasted turkey, avocado, balsamic onions, aoli, and yes, bacon. Great texture, and the flavors just explode in your mouth.

When you go to Las Vegas, make sure to head over to the MGM Grand, and hit up 'wichcraft. You won't be disappointed.

http://www.pleaseaddbacon.com/2011/05/wichcraft-amazing-sandwiches-by-tom-colicchio-review/. I'm not a big sweet tooth perso- but this donuts shop made me had foodgasm so many times!!!! Definitely will come back!!!!!!. I was skeptical after reading 3 bad reviews. I was in need of chest x ray with asap reading, after explaining my situation to the front desk lady. she told me they will expedite the reading and I will be able to pick up the reading in the afternoon. I was in the office for less than 20 minutes in the morning. pick up the report at 2pm. excellent service and detail report from the radiologist. I was able to get chest xray and report in less than 3 hours!!!. FINALLY!  

A Cirque de Soleil show that's actually fun!

Housed inside the Mirage resort, The Beatles Love is a breath of fresh air in the Las Vegas Cirque scene.  After seeing one too many Cirque shows that take themselves too damn seriously, I found Love to be a magnificent change of pace.

Unlike most other Cirque shows, Love will have you bobbing your head and smiling from ear to ear.  Want to see a multicolored circus with outrageous costumes and dance routines, creative and elaborate props, impressive feats of strength, aerial rollerblading (!!!), trampolining (!!!!!) -- all set to a wicked awesome soundtrack of the Beatles' greatest hits, see Love.

(On the other hand, are you In the mood for somber and generic-sounding New Age coupled with yawn-inducing acrobatics and costumes?  Then go to one of those *other* Cirque shows.)

The "plot" -- if you can really call it that -- follows historical events very loosely, starting after WWII and ending in the 70s.   Each vignette flows seamlessly from the last in a way that's quite impressive.  I especially enjoyed seeing the silhouettes of John, Paul, George, and Ringo chime in every once in a while with amusing commentary and random chitchat lifted from their recording sessions.

The theater is fantastic.  It's square-shaped, and all the sides have equally lovely views of the stage.  It's also small enough that everybody -- even those in the back row -- feel like they're part of the action.  (There's also a concession stand out front along with a well-stocked gift shop with Beatles stuff, but I skipped those.)

My biggest gripe with Love is the lack of a live band.  If this show is really meant to be a tribute to the music of the Beatles, then simply setting it to recorded music feels like a cheap cop-out.  A live band covering the Beatles' music would really take this show to the next level.

Despite that complaint, Love is still the best and most exhilarating Cirque show in Vegas.. We had an amazing experience with Pastor Tim and his wife Pam. We booked with them after much research online for that unique one of a kind Vegas wedding. We didn't want to go the traditional small chapel on the strip and after looking at the packages they offered we knew they were the right fit for us. We were just married a few weeks ago about an hour outside of Vegas at Nelson Mining Town. The setting was perfect great props and a one of a kind setting. We met them there for a sunset wedding and everything went as planned. They were on time and asked a lot of questions about what type of ceremony we wanted. The actual ceremony was just right not too long or too short. Then the remaining   45 minutes or so was spent getting photos taken in different areas and posed. Pam is a great photographer with the proper equipment and needs for all the right shots. They took their time and we were not rushed  they took their time to get to know us as a couple. The pictures came out better than expected and all our friends are amazed by them. So happy we chose luv bug and highly recommend them. You won't be disappointed !. Manager offered me a free Veg Fried Rice while waiting for the food to come at my table. Best place.. Endlich! Normale Portionen beim Essen :-) und das in Las Vegas! Um die Ecke von unserem Hotel (FLamingo) befindet sich in der neuen LINQ Fussgänger Zone dieses nette Restaurant mit Bar. Wir kamen als Gruppe und bekamen gleich im Obergschoß einen schönen Tisch in Tafelform. Schön, dass die Fensterfronten geöffnet sind und frische Luft hereinkommt - nicht nur eiskalte air condition.

Speiekarte sehr umfangreich und teilweise europäisch. So hatte ich einen exzelennten Tunfisch mit Wildreis und Gemüse und perfekten Espresso. Ich fand es Klasse - meine Kollegen auch.

Da das Preisniveau und die freundliche Bedienung ebenfalls in Ordung war - sind wir noch mal ein paar Tag später hin; gleiches Ergebnis!. It's easy to get carried away about the Fringe and just roll out the superlatives, but sometimes a sense of perspective is needed. It may be the most high profile event in Scotland, but deep down the local consensus has always been that while it's great that Edinburgh gets to host such an event, it's not so great that for a month of the year locals should feel alienated and often patronised in their own city. The festival is run by luvvies, for luvvies  and with each passing year the trend for quantity over quality becomes more prevalent.

Comedy now seems to be the main focus, and having sat through some gems of conceptual theatre that include people rolling around the stage in tinfoil I must say I'm quite relieved. As pretty much every comedian you've heard of is likely to be here, it's easy to pick a show you know you'll like, but it can be fun to risk the tumbleweed and take a lucky dip. As a pointer for quality, simply looking at the posters and flyers can be a good bet. If there's a mention of music, magic or any other gimmick, then get ready to cringe through it. If the comedian looks miserable and tortured, then you'll be rolling around on the floor in no time.

If you're visiting The Fringe then you won't be able to avoid the swarm of street entertainers that plague The Royal Mile. So far this year I've seen a guy dressed as Joseph Stalin, playing guitar and another attempting to squeeze his entire body through a tennis racket (before also playing guitar). While the Fringe does indeed bring such deluded souls to the fore, the general buzz, atmosphere and increased profile of the city makes it a good place to be. In cliched terms, you can just walk down the street and really feel that things are happening and for that, I still think it's worthwhile.. I'm from NY so I love finding little hole in the walls..ya this place looks sketchy but I wish there was more like this! I'm all for hot stuff I got the spicy machaca burro..and mann! It was spicy! Will def be back to try some more..I couldn't finish this nice sized burro due to the hotness but can't wait to try something else! Good size good price good food!. They bought the unit next door and expanded the restaurant, lots of seating now.   Still exceptional as always.. Some of the best burgers in town! They also have seasonal/weekly items that are prepared using local produce. Other menu items are delicious and reasonably priced. Beer selection us decent. Only negative would be it can usually be loud - but that is to be expected in a good location.. Try the moist brisket it's the BOMB. The burnt ends are full of smokiness, tender perfection. I have spent many years in Texas and the South East and this has been my favorite brisket. Rudy's is known all over for there creamed corn( Tasty). The pinto beans have that smoky goodness flavor too. Personally not a fan of the potato salad. It was pretty bland to me. Peach cobbler and banana pudding are always good for the dessert. Don't order the baby back ribs. They are tough with little meat and flavor. Instead ask for the pork ribs. The lines are long, but they move fast. Remember long lines means good food. Management is good too. If there is a problem just let them know and they will make it right. At least it's been that way for me.... This is THE place to go for green chili burritos in the Valley.  Easily the best I have ever experienced.  I haven't had anything else (why stray when you have the best?), but everyone I have taken there has fallen in love with the food.

The restaurant itself is a little nondescript, but easy to find if you remember that it's across from Chandler High and next to a fortune teller.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back.. I've become a quick regular of AJ's. While the prices are a bit too high for me to do my everyday grocery shopping here, I've found myself gravitating toward their bakery/coffee area in the mornings to grab a tasty pastry and a coffee before work. (The prices in this area are very manageable, actually).

Service across the board has been top notch. I haven't met or witnessed an employee yet who wasn't eager to help, even eager to go out of their way to help. This is a TREMENDOUS upside to the typical grocery shopping experience. People here take their jobs seriously and, from a customer's perspective, it's noticed.

I like to take my coffee and pastry and relax for a few minutes out front by the waterfall. Between the interplay of the birds and the sound of the trickling water, it's a very enjoyable morning experience.

I give AJ's a four star review instead of five because of the relatively high prices and because I ordered a pizza here that was a surprising letdown. But really - the experience itself is worth a visit, so please don't let the small one star detraction turn you away. If you haven't been, you should definitely stop by sometime.

*** In defense of this establishment, I should have known that any business with the words "Purveyor of Fine Foods" in the title would be a bit more costly than most. It shouldn't have come as a surprise. What DID come as a (pleasant) surprise was how manageable even those "higher" prices were, and how extensive and varied their selection is!

Thanks, AJ's, for providing such an excellent level of service and fun food options. I'll continue to show up.  :). I went to AZ 88 this past week to meet up with some friends and an out of town friend.  It was close to our friends hotel so we thought lets check it out, I hadn't been in awhile.  

The Good: 
I've been here several times over the last 12 years of living in Phoenix and one thing I have to say is this restaurant is very consistent with their food.  It's always good, and when you order something you know what you are going to get.  A sandwich I had 4-6 years ago, tastes as good today as it did back then. 
 
The Bad: 
It's not really bad, but to best honest, I think its time for a little make over.  It's one thing to be consistent but this restaurant needs to catch up with its competition.  There are many many new restaurants in the valley, especially in the Scottsdale area and to the locals this can get boring.  This place hasn't changed in about 10 years, I think its time for a freshen up.  
Overall, its a great place that brings back many memories from coming here over the years, and I look forward to coming back again.. This place is a cool dive bar restaurant with funky seating. On one side of the restaurant they don't serve food, only drinks.. But they didn't tell us that until we were already waiting forever to be served. Make sure you sit on the right side! 

Luckily food came out pretty quick and its delicious. They know how to fry food. Nice low key spot to fight the hangover.. I walked in with a Texan and he nearly flipped his shit. Doesn't that say it all?

No? OK, moving on: a meal will run you about $7. The meats are smoked and tasty and come in a multitude of combinations (the pulled pork was my favorite) and instead of soaking the meat in sauce all day waiting for you, they pull it out of the smoke and cut it up and hand it over to you where you are able to dress it with one of 3 sauces. Also, there's a jar of pickles the size of your wrist on the counter, how good is that?

My Texan was moaning and saying that it tasted just like it did back home, seriously, how can you argue with that?

So pardon me if I don't tear this place to shreds for being imperfect; None of us are, after all. All I know is it was a really friggin' good lunch for a decent price and it put a smile on my friends face.

Oh, and it's located right next to a Dunkin' Donuts! Im from MA and *THAT* put a smile on MY face ;). As Misti has already mentioned this place is leaps and bounds ahead of Fletcher Jones Mercedes in every possible way. I had been disrespected and treated like a peon there for almost 3 years and when it came time to buy a new Benz I found one at MB-Henderson and the experience was completely different.

I did all of my buying over the phone which was definitely a strange process but I was able to quickly get the price I wanted and was always put straight through to anyone I needed to speak to. From the sales staff to the finance staff I was treated like I was the only customer they were dealing with and they answered even my dumbest questions like it was of extreme importance.

When I went to pick up my car I was amazed to find how attentive my salesman was in making sure that the car was exactly how I wanted it before I drove away. He even spent an extra hour just showing me how the new buttons compared to my old car worked and programming my garage and gate codes.

The atmosphere at MB-Henderson is definitely laid back while still giving you the kind of respect and service you would expect from a Mercedes-Benz dealer. Thank you for proving to me that good service isn't dead in Las Vegas. Although it's a bit of a trek I will be bringing my new Benz here for EVERY service.. Terry is extremely talented. One of the best shows I have ever seen in Vegas. The opening DJ act was awesome. A must see...... I come here every Sunday on my lunch break and I never get sick of it! I love it here. My wife and I love Eddie V's and go often.  Generally, we go for the happy hour specials and specifically, the happy hour oysters.  This fall/winter, they've upgraded the oysters for happy hour, but they are slightly more money.  However, its still the best deal in town for a QUALITY oyster.  Wine list is good as well.  The people watching is definitely entertaining and its, shall we say, an interesting mix of all things Scottsdale.. the good, the bad, and the ugly!. Sauce and meatballs are tasty and made fresh.
I usually cook all these dishes at home but if im not cooking I would come here for sure.. I found myself in Pittsburgh one Sunday morning while pursuing the baseball parks of America, and a little bit of preemptive research made it unavoidable to visit Pittsburgh and NOT have a Primanti Bros. sandwich.

When I arrived into the city, I parked my car and made my way to Market Square location, where I was told that it was also where a few scenes of She's Out of My League was filmed, (which by the way, I enjoyed that movie since it so closely hit home to a dork like me), but upon arrival, I was mortified to see nothing but construction equipment and chain link fences.

But anyway, I go into Primanti's, and I'm bombarded by Pittsburgh sports - this does not bother me, but the sheer magnitude was a bit unexpected.  The wall of Clemente, Steel Curtain photos, and my personal favorite, the shoe-string tackle of Nick Harper, which I find amusing to be considered one of the greatest plays in Pittsburgh sports apparently.  The rest of the establishment is clean and well-traveled appearing, and lots of high-def televisions satiates the sports-lover's attention whilst waiting on food.

So being the tourist that I am, I don't really know what to get, so I ask the waitress of "what is THE food for a tourist like me?"  With a confident smirk, she simply says "pastrami," and I thank her for the suggestion, and I realize that it wasn't so much "a suggestion" as it was "the order," and five minutes later, this monstrosity on a baking sheet is presented to me.  Thin-sliced pastrami, cole slaw, tomato, and I think there was some cheese in there, but a fistful of fries as well - you guys know the drill.

So in conclusion, great success.  I thought the pastrami sandwich was the stuff of legend, and just thinking about it has me kind of craving one again, even after lunch.  In fact, the best part of this particular trip to Pittsburgh was Primanti Bros., because my Braves ended up sending out the D-team, who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good, and that's what's the most important.. I took the family for a weekend dinner to our newest local restaraunt, Red, White & Brew. Southeast Chandler is not exactly the bubbling hotspot for the freshest of places, but we were quite pleased with our results. While it was a little more expensive than our normal family fare (adult entrees $15-$20), the foods was good, the service fast, and quite importantly for us, it was a very family friendly environment. There was a wide selection, and what looked like a good choice of adult beverages. 

Overall, a nice place to eat for adults and family both.. Ever since I watched Anthony Bourdain visit Vietnam and heaped praises on the bun bo hue prepared by the "Lunch Lady" street vendor in Saigon, I've always made an effort to try to sample this humble dish wherever I go.  I tend to have a higher appreciation of dishes that are conceived using ingredients commonly discarded or overlooked rather than the high end stuff.   Having read multiple stellar reviews and even with a separate sign outside the restaurant that simply says in all caps BUN BO HUE, it seems I had no choice but to sample their pho de resistance (a French-Vietnamese pun seems appropriate).

In the sitcom How I Met Your Mother, the main character Ted Moseby describes the impression that he makes on girls in the form of songs on the radio...."I'm not some easily digested top 40 pop song, I'm complex and require multiple listens... I'm Stairway to Heaven"  Whereas beef and chicken pho are the top 40 hits of Vietnamese noodle soups, I feel that Bun Bo Hue is Stairway to Heaven requiring multiple tastings to discover new things to appreciate with each delicious bite.

A subtle yet rich beef/pork broth with deep notes of lemongrass and just the right touch of spice, the soup uses round chewy rice noodles akin to bucatini as opposed to the linguini-like counterpart in traditional pho.  There are also various pieces of pork feet, pork bloodcake, steamed pork loaf, and beef shank and tendon.  Further complexity is provided with vietnamese coriander, mint and some vietnamese herbs that escape my recollection.  Finally, a fresh plate of colorful purple and green cabbage along with jullienned herbs and wedges of lime add bright notes of texture and tartness to complete the dish.   The beauty of the dish is how each component is distinct yet not overpowering so that every tasty bite is a unique experience on their own.  Of the various bun bo hue I've sampled, this one definitely ranks up with the best since none of the meat components including the pork blood cubes are overcooked (a common mistake) and the meat around the pork knuckle is particularly tender and flavorful.  

Whereas some dishes will elicit a party in your mouth, this one will be a symphony in your mouth that strike all the right notes and may require or compel multiple tastings.  Do remember to bring CASH!. Honestly the best place to listen to HipHop music in Scottsdale. Nice looking crowd, great music and amazing staff. I couldn't believe how big it was inside.. I love XS so much.

I love XS like that feeling when you get to sleep in and wake up next to your beautiful woman. Or that feeling when you find random cash in your pants pocket. Or that feeling when a total stranger says something super cute and it just makes your day.


Read my previous review for tips on the club including bottle service, lines, DJs, the crowd, drinks, etc.


@DJMAKJ opened up for @MADEON and it was bananas.

both DJs threw down!! Got to gamble a bit at the tables inside, lounge outside by the pool, have a ton of cocktails inside and jam out to some great DJs.. all with some excellent company.

XS, you have yet to disappoint. adieu, my love.. We enjoyed our dinner very much. We started with a whiskey flight.  It consisted of 1-ounce servings of Kentucky bourbon, an Irish, and a Japanese whiskey.  Neither of us are whisky drinkers but thought if we are ever to enjoy a whiskey this would be the place as they have 500 whiskeys on hand.  And talk about top-shelf!  The bottles behind the first floor bar (there is also one on the third floor) are on shelves that extend up three stories.  
     We did enjoy the whiskey flight experience, but it was because of the atmosphere, not the whiskey.  This is not the fault of the restaurant.  We just are not whiskey drinkers.  We'll get wine or beer next time, both of which we enjoy.  We were seated on the top floor of the three-level establishment adjacent to the bar.  We had early reservations so that we could enjoy a leisurely dining experience.  And enjoy we did. We ordered bread (accompanied by three spreads), Caesar salad (w/kale, not romaine), mushroom soup, and two short plates--pig candy and grilled Brussel sprouts. We shared everything.  Everything was very good.  My wife ordered the mushroom soup and as it turned out, it was my favorite item even though the pig candy was as good as other reviewers say.  The mushroom soup was the best I've ever had and it may be the best soup of any kind that I've had.  We will return.. I got there a few minutes before 11 am opening time for serving lunch. The price with a Rewards card is only $6.99. The Mongolian station is worth it alone. I had the beef with noodles and veggies. I saw a couple with a 2 for 1 coupon. What a deal. The food was fresh and they have sugar free desserts that's why I live the place. The ice tea kept coming. The server was attentive and it's well run. Not overly packed but it was early for lunch. I've never been disappointed in this reasonably priced buffet.. If there was ever a cheezy moment in my life, it was here. I was coming back on deployment from the Middle East on RR. and I wanted to renew our wedding vows that we made a couple years earlier. The staff was friendly.... We went through the drive through and did it through the window.... then got out of the car and started taking all these cheesy photos.... I think they knew exactly what we wanted.... It was awesome... A three-day holiday stay at the Four Seasons was thoroughly enjoyed.  As much as people have said it, it must be said again that the peaceful atmosphere and polished service put the location far ahead of any casino hotel, even the highest-end of them ... with the direct access to Mandalay Bay giving you the best of all worlds.  

While you are at the south end of the Strip, that it is really a minor problem at most.  The center Strip is easy walking distance and frankly you are going to need some fresh air and exercise.

The rooms are huge and elegantly appointed and well-serviced.  Front desk staff efficient, although we did not enjoy the early check in that other people have reported.  (We arrived around 2 p.m. and waited for well over an hour to get our room.)  We were, on the other hand, comped a 2:30 p.m. check-out.

Rack rates are typically high but there are plenty of promotions, as far as I can tell, so the value proposition can be superior.

The in-house facilities were typical Four Seasons excellence.   Big, exceptionally-well-equipped (for a hotel) gym; speedy, consistent, and not-exhoribantly-priced WiFi, free printing for boarding passes, widescreen LCD televisions with a decent range of channels.  Although the hotel does not have a "Kids for All Seasons" program, all the other child-friendly elements characteristics of the Four Seasons brand were represented.

Room service was reliable.  The main "Verandah" restaurant does a very nice breakfast.  Can't comment upon Charlie Palmer Steak.. I've been getting my haircut with Marcus for past two months and he's by far the best barber in Charlotte. I've gone to several barber shops before finding Marcus and none of them can compare. It's incredible, some shops didn't even know what a fade was! Marcus does appointments which is very efficient and always does great work. I'll follow him wherever he goes.. by far, the best barber in town!. This place ROCKS! (hence the name). I love the blazing thunder speciality roll and the fillet on the  Teppanyaki. I'm not much of a foodie- I'm a mans MAN! I usually just opt for ramen noodles or chili from a can, but I came here with my beautiful girlfriend on a date and it was everything we expected, and more! Service was especially quick, friendly and funny.. Parma is incredible! The unique flavors of the food are complimented by amazing service. (Thank you, Diane! You are amazing!) You cannot go wrong.

We discovered Parma through Yelp, and are so happy that we did. We enjoyed the casual-yet-beautiful atmosphere and the delicious food.. This place was great!   Loved the pastrami sandwich. Lame that people are rating it low because it was too much food or more expensive then initially thought.. Fantastic food, and relaxed and stylish atmosphere. Great service. Ever since I first ate food by Roy Yamaguchi I've been a fan. Excellent cocktails too. This is a great place for a special occasion.

They have a dedicated gluten-free menu too, which even includes a flourless chocolate desert, which I've heard is amazing.. Amazing service, savory food; enjoyed every moment at this authentic Mexican restaurant .. My wife and I like to go to Maggianos when our fridge is a bit empty. We always get the Marcos Meal for two $39.95. You get any appetizer, two Classic pastas a dessert and two additional classic pastas to take home.

To start I had the peach flavored ice tea. Highly recommended. I expected some weakly flavored tea but this was really very good. A bit on the sweet side but I like it.

They serve some rolls before dinner with evoo and balsamic. Good bread rolls!

For our appetizer we had the crab cakes, which are normally $14.95 by itself. Two nice sized crab cakes with a small mound of arugula and grape tomatoes as a little salad. Very good.

Our eat in entree I had spaghetti and meatball. I know kinda boring but a large bowl and large meatball to boot. Well cooked pasta al dente and I couldn't finish it all more to take home. 

The wife had the mushroom ravioli which she liked but couldn't finish. More leftovers.

We finished with the cheesecake. Excellent by the way. Large piece with strawberries and a strawberry sauce with whipped cream. Would have taken some home but we forced ourselves to eat it all. Yum!

To top it off we got our take home meals to go and the wife had a $10 coupon from them. They are almost paying us to eat here. 

We will be back when the fridge empties again!. Probably closer to 4.5 stars. I absolutely love this restaurant! Not the menu you would expect at this type of place, but it's perfect. You can get great wings, waffle fries and an awesome hamburger. It's got a very different style than many other restaurants, even for a Scottsdale hang out. 

Not only is food good, but they have a nice cocktail menu and they are known to fill their drinks to the tip top. They also have a bar, I have not been to it however because when I go I always want to sit down and experience their great food menu.. Talked to him on the phone and was honest. He said he would try but it may not work. Got a long key scratch out of the side of my car as well as a bunch of other scratches too. He came to me in south chandler, and had it fixed for cheap.. If you spend enough time in this city you know that you're going to pay a premium for a very good meal. The days of $9.99 prime rib on the strip are long over and in its place are the painfully average, the "celebrity" chefs and casino food courts. However, if you look hard enough you'll find a place that does taste good without dropping a small fortune.

I ordered the Pub Fried Egg burger which was cooked perfectly, but the yoke wasn't as runny as I would've preferred. Jenn had the Chicken Tender Wrap that she said was great. They do lose a star for the egg. Sorry. 

Let's discuss the elephant in the room: the waitstaff. Outstanding. Ours was a young lady who's name escapes me, but she was from Connecticut and she was freaking hot. Yeah, I said it. Relax. She was also really good at what she did as she was prepared with her own home printed beer list to give us as opposed to reciting the whole thing and having me not hear most of it. 

I enjoyed this place and would certainly go back.. These people came out free of charge, fixed the problem in ten minutes (just a loose thermocouple that I actually caused)....Charlie fixed it immediately and did not even charge me. Everyone else I called was telling me on the phone that my model was out dated and would need replacing and I could see the dishonest sales pitch right away. I've been had by the carpet cleaners, the YES man plumbers, and it is a true pleasure to see honest people and qualified technicians still exist. Forget the rest...these guys are the best.. Urban Beans Cafe & Bar... Somewhere in-between Starbucks and Ultimate Hipster Coffee Lounge with a distinct leaning toward Ultimate Hipster.

*I love that this place features local art on its walls, most of it available for sale. BIG plus in my book. Music is decent without being too loud, which I appreciate.

**Unfortunately, when I asked for a pour-over, the barista had no idea what that meant, so minus one star from the coffee snob side of me; but the rest is a solid five-stars.

Food. My friend has been building this place up for days, particularly because of its delicious homemade pastries and diverse menu. I haven't eaten here yet, but everything LOOKS yum!

Oh, and did I mention that UB recently updated their hours to remain open 24/7? They're the only cafe I'm aware of in the area that does this. Major plus if they can afford to keep it up.

Ambiance is very relaxed. Makes a good "work off-site" location with comfy seating, free Wi-Fi, and even an outdoor patio for those more bearable months.

Coffee is nothing to get excited over, but I'd come back despite my snobby tendencies in that area. Service was good, too. Everyone seems to enjoy being here and you can feel that.

It's been a good first impression. I'd recommend it.  :). I think a great weekend starts with a great breakfast., ideally including a mimosa.  And I've not found a better place to have breakfast than Morning Glory Cafe.

The atmosphere is wonderful. It's quiet, laid-back, and beautiful. Morning Glory is set on a farm property near South Mountain. I found it easy to forget that I was still in the middle of a major metropolitan area.

And the food is excellent. I had French toast with apple butter and pecans. The thick slices of country bread were soft but never got soggy with syrup. I also had some locally made sausage, which had a delightful hint of spice that really offset the sweetness of the rest of the meal.

I would definitely recommend this place, especially on a nice spring or autumn morning.. I love this Target! Everyone is so friendly and they always have what I need. The food is always fresh and the cashiers are always quick.. Had an awesome experience again with their new barber Ray.  I thought they lost their barber only to find an even better one.

My third time here and it is awesome...my wife thinks its the bomb!!!...not bias at all..lol.  Thanks Ray...made my next appointment already- maybe a shave next time.. Breakfast was great and reasonable, Banana Foster Frenchtoast was very good, and the turkey club looked to be excellent, nothing like using discount coupons!. I love this place! The food is excellent, the drinks are good and the service is awesome!!!!. Who can abstain from visiting Panda Express every now and again?  Most people, but not me.  I need my Chinese food fix every few weeks.  And no other place fills that craving better than Panda Express because there just don't seem to be any other descent Chinese restaurants.  Most Chinese restaurants in Phoenix are terrible with a capital "s", "u", "c", "k", "s".  Panda Express fills the void by offering descent, fast food fare with easy to order combinations.  The Kung Pao actually comes with chili peppers making it spicy and there aren't those large flat misshaped pieces of meat loosely referred to as chicken.  And who doesn't love pandas?  I get the up sale every time just in case the two option plate isn't going to be enough that day.  Or maybe I've just grown too thin like most Americans.  In any case, if you find yourself in Phoenix and that dilapidated Chinese restaurant store front staring you down doesn't look inviting, Panda Express is always just around the corner.. Excellent sushi...I have been to every sushi place in Madison, and this remains my favorite.  Specialty rolls are delicious with very reasonable prices!

update:7/2012 I would now rank this palce 3rd in madison, behind muramoto and red sushi.. This was my 2nd time going to this specific Jiffy Lube location and both time the service has been great.  This location usually isnt busy so I try to go on my lunch break and I am in and out of there with enough time to have my lunch!  The guys that work there are really nice and honest with what you need.  So far so good!  Keep up the good work guys!. (This review is based on an informal walking tour of the property.  I did not spend the night or rent a hotel room.)

If you are a fan of the 50's, Frank Sinatra or George Jetson, Scottsdale has a hidden jewel for you.  While visiting the region a friend told me that he wanted to visit a hotel he had heard of.  Soon we were pulling up to valet and leaving the 21st century to venture back to a bygone era.

Hotel Valley Ho is a boutique hotel that made me remember my childhood.  From the furniture to the brick sided walls (with no windows on the entry side) it was a nostalgic walking tour that is sure to bring a smile to your face if you're over 40.  Located within walking distance of the myriad of Scottsdale shops it's a great location if you're looking for a hotel in the area. 

The property is pristine, clean and well taken care of.  What makes it different is the 1950's architecture that starts with the actual buildings and pervades every aspect of the hotel from the pool furniture, fireplaces, light fixtures to the art work and landscaping.  However, it's incorrect to get the impression that the property smells of forty year old cigars.  Everything is new and clean with modern tech and proper lighting.  I have included over 15 photos from my visit.

If you're tired of the Holiday Inn Express experience and looking for something different, definitely give the Valley Ho a shot.  I plan on staying here in the future and will update my review to reflect the actual accommodations.. Great service, great yogurt, great price.  Has flavors and toppings not found in other yogurt places, going to make this my regular place!. It's a smaller hole in the wall kind of place. But for this stretch of Indian School it's a great easy going kinda spot.. You won't be disappointed eating at Fay Choy.  The baos are simply amazing...flavorful and perfectly cooked.  My personal favorite is the duck bao.  Chef Sheridan combines a perfect amount of tender meat, crispy skin, sauce, and veggie to create the perfect handheld sandwich.  If you've never had a bao blow you away you should definitely try these.
Noodles, short rib grilled cheese, and his burger are also must haves.. Super friendly staff, and the food was really good!. This is the only place that sets my alignment right, and they don't even try to BS me on repairs.  Great service!. I'm waffling on this one (Ha! Get it?...it's 'cause...it's 'cause they serve waffles here...).  My fiancee and I went here twice in the same weekend, and the two visits could not have polarized me more on this place.

The first time was for breakfast with a large group.  We were seated on the patio, but not at a table with a good view of the Bellagio fountain (which is fine by me, because I really have no interest watching water squirt in the air while I'm eating).  It was either due to the promise of 18% gratuity or in spite of that fact that throughout the entire meal we got excellent service.  The food did take a while to come out, but I chalked that up to the large group.

That meal I got the Quiche Lorraine...and oh dear was that a surprise.  I don't typically like quiche, as my fiancee can attest to (she was surprised I ordered it to begin with), but there was something special about this one.  The flavor was just amazing, and it was nice and soft and moist on the inside, despite looking burnt on the outside.  My better half got a croissant breakfast sandwich, which wasn't bad but I didn't really think it was anything special.

So naturally after a good experience we came back a second morning...and we should have just left well enough alone.  The food was good: she got a repeat of the quiche which she said wasn't as good though I thought the quality didn't dip that much; I got the steak classique and french onion soup, both of which I enjoyed (although it wasn't my favorite cut of steak, but I realize that cut could be standard for French cuisine, I don't really know).

The problem was the service...or lack thereof.  Our server was inattentive at best, and most of the time it felt like he considered us a bother more than a customer (we aren't annoying, finger-snapping snobs, I swear).  Whenever we asked for a refill on water or iced tea his response was a curt "sure"...not a friendly "sure", a "sure" that made it sound like we interrupted his day.  I know I'm coming across as snooty and paranoid, but it really was quite bad.  Half the time he spent standing directly behind our table, chatting up another server, ignoring us and the table next to us in the process.  And again, he wasn't busy with other guests, we knew where he was, which was neglecting his job.

The four stars is for the first visit, because I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  Don't let one bad apple spoil the bunch, as they say...people say that, right?  I may come back one day, though it will be with a wary disposition, which is not a light any restaurant should cast over itself.. The chicken Benedict, chicken waffle are really good but the hash skillet I wouldn't recommend.. Late night is the best! Unless you like crowds?!?!? Buy the shirt and cup if your a movie goer,,,. This is brand new place with a new crew. So a wait time is expected, I will not give them grief for that. You try being in their shoes. 

Anywayyyy, onto the review

The tots they use in their sides are fried perfectly. Light and crisp and a punch of flavor. I love them. The nacho tots are ridiculous.  Definitely a brand new guilty pleasure. I also tried the Seattle which is basically a burrito form of a fish sandwich.  There was a bit too much tartar sauce but not enough to ruin it. The  slaw they use is nice and dry so it picks up a lot of the sauce and flavor from the fish. The fish is a great quality as well, nice and flakey.  

I was absolutely delighted by this place and the staff. I will be returning. 

Keep up the good work!. After trips to Mexico , i was looking for a real mexican treat , glad I found el rey ! Fresh, authentic and  sooooo tasty !. Our family wanted to thank Tony for providing a Great Passover meal for a single Dad with kids. Everyone was very happy and filled. Love you guys... Been going here for years. Always willing to help and a real pleasure. 
Great Customer Service!. The staff was friendly. The environment was friendly and casual. The music memorabilia was fun to look at.

The food was okay, not great, a little pricy for what it was, but I guess Alice has to eat. The worst part of the experience was the inexplicable raucous celebration every time someone ordered the huge hotdog which was possibly the least attractive menu item.. Salle à manger accueillante, bouffe simple mais bonne. Prix abordables. Un peu déçu du creton, les reste était très bien !. Great food using local sources.  Really cool casual vibe.  Love it!. I'm not crazy about seafood.  Maybe because I've never had it serve so well.  I was a little put off when we went into San Diego Bay and, having read the menu cover to cover, finding no no chicken or beef plates.  I decided I would suck it up and have a shrimp dish.  Of all the creatures of sea, shrimp are probably the least offensive to me.  I ordered the shrimp molcajete, based mostly on the menu picture.  I looked like a basic stew.  When came to the table was a surprise.  The molcajete, which is a bowl carved from stone, had been heated in the oven and the stew poured into that.  The stew was still bubbling vigorously when it arrived at the table.  The dish was shrimp, of course, served in a stew of tomato, cheese, chiles, and spices.  The base may have been like a shrimp bisque, but I couldn't really tell.  It was fantastic.  I told the waitress it was the best thing I'd had in a long time.  My mom had a similar shrimp stew.  It was substantially more cheesy than mine, and with less fire, but very good as well.  Other items I noted on the menu: marlin tacos, octopus, whole red snapper.. Cowabunga dude!

Surfset provides a fun and unique way to get sweaty. Essentially, you are doing basic workout moves but on an unstable surface in the form of a surfboard. The surfboards cater to different balance levels by using bungee cords along the sides to help stabilize the board. In any case, you can bet that your core muscles are working the entire time.

Last night, I tried the "Blend" session along with Jaime W, Angela T, and a bunch of their friends. It was a nice, balanced workout (pun not intended). Most of us were still getting used to the boards, so the workout wasn't all that intense. I'm certain that they can get pretty hardcore once you get your sea legs.

Totally Tubular!. I brought Lana a few yards of fabric and an idea and she turned it into what is probably one of my favorite things in my closet. Men's shorts have an absurd amount of detail work, and every detail was finished to perfection! Not to mention that they fit me better than any other piece of clothing I own.. Every week I would have a coffee here before teaching class.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.   The restaurant is always immaculate and has a great environment for getting work done or socializing.. This place was pretty cool.  They had a huge bar area and spots where groups could sit together.

I have never seen so many beers in one place!  Literally hundreds of beers!  The most beers on tap I've ever seen anywhere.  They had glass door coolers lined up one after another all packed with bottled beers.

We only stayed for one beer and didn't eat but we had a positive experience.  Decent prices.  The bartender was friendly and attentive.  If you want a bar with a huge selection of bottled and draught beer, this is the place.. Great place to go if you want to watch the game that you just laid a bet on.  They have lots of big screens and a good selection of beers. The food portions are hearty, you really shouldn't leave here hungry. Service was above average and the staff quite friendly. Open, casual atmosphere , definitely a good place to hang out.. A forgotten gem.  We often tend to forget about this place due to its location.  But, we often squeeze in a Saturday afternoon lunch.  Luma can just about always be found on groupon, which is always a good score.  We get the lunch groupon which gives you $20 for $10.  It never covers the bill, but its a start.  

The food here is very good, but I feel as though its a tad bit inconsistent.  They have changed the way a few items are prepared, such as the stacked chicken dish and the fries were not the normal skinny little fries.  The stacked chicken appears to be battered now, as opposed to the previous times where it was grilled.  We loved the skinny little fries, but they must have just been out of product.  

A few of this things I've tried have been the filet medallions over pasta, crab cakes, onion soup, fish sandwich, stacked chicken, and the house burger.  All the food is a high quality product, and I always leave a happy customer.  

The restaurant is on the smaller scale, so I would suggest a reservation.  The patio is awesome.  We sit outside any chance we get.  I do however feel as though the interior has a bit of a sewage smell.  This isn't the first time I've noticed it.  It wasn't terrible, but not pleasant at the same time.  

All and all, its a quality establishment, with a good quality product.. Good drinks, good food good times.  Owner was cool enough to come out and speak with us.  Waitresses were were extremely attentive. I would come back.. Me and my wife came to Vegas for my birthday, unfortunately since we just returned from 2 weeks in the Philippines and literally had to unpack, wash and repack clothes over the week end my wife was very self conscious about not having had her wax done. So first thing off the plane she's searching for a place to get a wax. She found this place and loved it, "I've never felt so clean" ,she was smiling from ear to ear and they are very very nice. For both client and "support staff" ie:husbands they offer water, coffee or tea. Lots of people coming in but very efficient nobody waited long and nobody left or was upset. Great place, terrific customer service/rapport.. Absolutely amazing. You made a customer for life. I read the reviews about size. They're Tamales. Not burritos. They are perfect size, made from scratch and as authentic as you get. Owner even stayed open late for us to continue our holiday tradition. Thanks. I will be back!!. Oscar is my boy!. Very good breakfasts and not expensive at all... I came here last week after a long, intense and sweaty night and it did not disappoint...good food and friendly staff. Easily the BEST perogies I've ever had! So many kinds and they do them ALL really well! If you like perogies, you need to try this place!. Great service. Todd went out of his way to make sure I got a new key-chip made for my car last minute.. Lovely little place - great place for a mocha. Stop here occasionally on the way to work, and the coffee on hand is always awesome. Only criticism - I wish more of the patrons there had heard of deodorant :). Outside of the steak I ordered being slightly raw by the bone, which the manager notice and resolved. This place was perfection. I normally do not give any place 5 stars but after being here two nights in a row with constant experiences, I am confident in my review. 

Only complaint. The ceiling in the main dining room has arched contours, which causes you to be able to hear clear as day the conversation of a table 20 feet away when sitting in the right position. Which apparently I was. I could even hear the sidebar whispers.. Don't be fooled by its location in a tiny strip mall. This is an amazing Mediterranean restaurant at a very reasonable price. The shawerma fries were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G, but be aware, the portion is very large so prep your appetite! Their pitas are freshly baked and hummus home made, so that is another must have when you go there.

It may be a tad bit quiet on the weekdays for lunch but believe me they don't skimp on the quality even when there are not as many customers. This place is a hidden treasure and deserves to be discovered by all those who loves good Mediterranean food.. My steak was amazing. The filet mingon was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. It was salty, crusted, juicy, perfectly rare. I also had the spinach salad which was big enough for three people. It was good, but didn't seem very refined for some reason. The asparagus was also very good, but I didn't get the jelly-like (I'm assuming hollandaise) sauce that came with it. Also, it didn't come out very hot.

My wife's halibut was also really big and tasted great but was a little chewy on the outside. Cooking fish like a steak doesn't really work for me. Her brocolini and rice pilaf were both good, but didn't wow me in any way.

The service was very good and all of the staff seemed really nice. 

Overall, I would recommend this place just because the meat is superb-but you kinda have to stick to that. Everything else was good, but not great.. Salute has been here for many years now,  preparing southern Italian specialties for all that time, artfully presented amd and with great quality. I have been here many times over the years and appreciate the warm staff and excellent service!. Right at the end of the strip past the Stratosphere on your way to downtown Las Vegas is this small hole in the wall place that everyone that loves gelato has to come and try. 

Right from the start we were greeted with a friendly smile and hello.  Their name says it all. They have some very unique flavors like roasted peanut butter and jalapeño and red, white miso with almond toffee, and fagioli rossi. 

There was one I didn't care for which was the basil one but someone in our party did so hence there is something for everyone. 

I hardly ever write a review right there on the spot but I just had to as this was truly 5 stars all the way.. A buddy of mine put me on to this place and I'm so glad he did. AMAZEBALLS!

The atmosphere is really laid back and quaint. AWESOME outside patio area, incredible food and great low prices. WINNER!. I was looking for a restaurant reviewed by a Yelp friend when the clouds opened up and I ran into the nearest doorway only to find myself in The Outsider, the restaurant I was looking for in the first place.  

The host was super friendly and seated me in the loft upstairs which boasts terrific views up the to castle.  I ordered grilled mackerel from the daily set menu.  It came with a rocket (arugula) salad and other nice, fresh veg.

I have been a little wary about mackerel in the past, expecting a strong, oily fish but this one was flavourful with a nice crispy skin.

Service from Ms. Emma was quick and friendly and I was able to enjoy my meal in less than an hour and get out to an early evening Fringe show.. Wife and I haven't bought furniture in a number of years. Visited several stores where the sales people bird dog you around the floor. Then we visited Living Spaces. What a difference! We were left alone to shop, discover and compare.  Inventory is very price efficient.  Easily 70% of what the other stores were. Found a sectional, bought it, had it delivered, didn't like it when we saw it in our home. Went back, found another couch and love seat, had the other returned and new stuff deliver.  
All through this process everyone was very helpful and customer friendly. 
I was especially pleased with the delivery men. Early on both deliveries and very courteous and careful. 
If the business model is to provide quality products at a reasonable price with courteous staff and excellent customer delivery service then you are fulfilling your goals.. Definitely a great place to get a burger.  I live the little bacon burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, BBQ sauce. This testament to the power of the burger gods is only $6! Love this place.  Daym Daym DAYM. Fantastic. Ate here for the first time with the family tonight. Small place but very good prices and extremely good food. The service was great but my only complaint was they could have used a third waiter as the place was full (sat night 6pm) and the two waiters were stretched too thin. We'll be back for sure.. Blah blah health and safety... Great spot, always get the beef saute with a Thai tea.  Yellow curry is good also,  Andy is the man!!!  Never had any problems with the food or the service. Hope they re-open soon!!. Yay! I'm a fan.
Only place in Madison where you feel like you are at an authentic NYC diner.  They won Madison's best sandwich for a reason; IT'S THE BEST!  They won for their Rachel, which is a Ruben but with slaw instead of kraut and pastrami instead of corn beef. But you can get it what ever way you like.  
My favorite is the Hawkwind burger with a side of house made coleslaw.  This way you can dip the side of chips into the slaw.
Stalzy's is artistic in their approach and make everything to order, so don't go if you are in a hurry.  Slow food movement at its finest!. Food was good, but beware of prices.  La santisima down the street offers a very similar food and drink experience for about a quarter of the price.  Very good though.... My burger was amazing.  Perfectly cooked with a delicious bun. I had the green chili burger.  The beer process were great also.  A pitcher is the same price as a pint. Im from texas, the taco capitol of the US, and i can vouch for the pollo, asada, pastor, and carnitas tacos.  Great food and friendly staff....i will eat here every trip to phoenix i take.. This place was amazing because of the staff, design, and food. I enjoyed the attentive waitress and concept art of each dish. Sometimes these places would be somewhat creative and unique and the food wouldn't be that impressive, but this wasn't the case. I was awed when I walked in because of the intriguing design of the interior. Overall I enjoyed it to go again.. This is one of my new favorite buffet in Vegas even though it's away from the actual strip. It's the first hotel you see coming to Vegas as the M Resort. There buffet is really good. They offer unlimited wine and beer as well so that's a plus. They have many selections on seafood such as fresh king crab legs to fresh oysters. They have a mini bar and a dessert aisle as well. From Asian to mexican to American cuisine. It's all there. Great and friendly services. 

P.S. Come during late lunch hours so then you don't have to pay for dinner :) saves you $$. First of, never go to Vegas with a crew of dudes expecting to get entry in clubs without buying tables and bottles.  Knowing this, I contacted Brian and for the last few years, our Vegas trips have been EPIC!  Not only do we get walked right in (at whatever time we show up), but the pricing Brian secures is CHEAPER than the menu pricing.  We had bottle service every night and every time, Brian was waiting patiently for us to arrive.  He made the introduction to the specific club host each time, and treated us as if we were friends and not clients.  If you ever want to party in Vegas like rock stars, look no further than here!. I walked into this business not at all knowing what to expect, and I'm glad I went in with an open mind because in the end I could not be happier.

By warehouse, they mean it: large showroom in a warehouse.  Don't let that scare you off.  They are an internet based company and predominantly use that showroom to sell off their older pieces.  I went in expecting to only buy these clearance type items, but once I started working with Cindy and finding regular priced items that fit my style and price point, we worked on creating an order, and in the end everything I purchased was ordered online and would be shipped to me.  Could I have done this at home?  Of course, but it was nice to have someone to walk me through the process.  Cindy was able to understand my needs and help direct me towards different options that would fit what I wanted.  We hopped from the showroom to the catalogs to the internet and in the end were able to piece together a great purchase.

The order was placed on a Saturday and it is being delivered the next Wednesday.  Not bad turn around.  I even received a call from someone in their warehouse to explain to me that several items did not pass their quality check, so they would be reordering them for me and delivering them as soon as possible.  I appreciate that level of attention to detail.  I don't mind waiting a little extra if that means I get new items that match my quality expectations.

So check out their website and stop in to visit Cindy and JD.  I could not more highly recommend this experience.. Got a good haircut, everything was nice and even. No extraneous hairs here and there. They took my sideburns up a little higher than I would have liked but that was probably at least partially due to my poor instructions. Friendly staff, and got in and out. For $11.25, which is less than the chains typically charge, I got a better haircut, so, it's kinda hard to bitch.. EPIC burgers! If you want burger luxury this is the place. I consider myself an apprentice of all things meat and thus have been educated further by the Wagyu beef burger covered in a red wine shallot reduction sauce i consumed. I did also take notice of lamb and buffalo burgers on the menu along with your standard meat fair and grass fed options available. I will be back God willing for those..

Fries and assortment of standard toppings such as Avocado and somewhat less standard such as Truffles and Foie gras are also available. The only meat better then this comes straight off the bull. Come hungry.. I bought a 2015 VW Passat Wolfsburg.  Albert Mendez was very helpful and provided great service.  I enjoyed working with him a great deal.  I loved the fact he emailed the quotes to me and responded to text messages to answer my questions right away.  I hate spending the day stuck in a dealer showroom trying to buy a car.  It was one of the smoothest car buying experiences I have had.  I like working with this independently owned dealer rather than the giant multi-dealership companies.  This is the main reason I came to this dealer besides it being so convenient to my home.. Caveat: This is my review for "The Pub" as a lunch spot.

I work in one of the Gateway buildings and was looking for a place to watch Euro 2012 a couple weeks ago.  Cedar Street Tavern serves Pepsi and I'm a snob, so I decided to check out The Pub.

AWESOME lunch special.  Currently it's $5.95 for a half sandwich or $7.95 for a full sandwich.  Comes with side salad (I think), or fruit cup, or soup.  Get the soup.  All the soups I've had are good (Chili, Steak & Cheese, Corn Chowder, Potato).  They also have those mints that are really just candy.  And they always give me a to-go cup of Diet Coke.

The french dip is definitely the best sandwich.  If you're going to go with a half, I'd say the club is pretty good and more filling than others.

Overall, a good lunch spot.  Never been at night, but highly recommend it for what I go for.. This Tapas Bar was quite a pleasant experience!

I would recommend at least getting the Pork Belly and the Ravioli, as those two were my favorites by far.

It can be a bit pricey if you're looking to get variety and don't have a group. The portions aren't anything to write home about either.. This store is a disease! Its taken over my closet, and I love it!

Fairly discounted prices on designer products (clothing, shoes, accessories, even shampoo!). The rolls were fresh and had a great combination of subtle flavor. The overall vibe, was relaxed and great for a dinner date. It was an amazing experience, great food great service. will definitely come back.. Great froyo. Their praline is wonderful. 

Stopped by today and they are closed?  230pm on a Saturday with the spring training facilities in full swing?!?!?!?

Great selection of toppings. I would like to see the swap their flavors a bit more often.. Awesome food! My buddies are all on the bandwagon at this pub and grub. Everyone should go here breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They hit it out of the park everytime. I've eaten off the strip, but I always come back to Ellis Island. Barbecue ribs and steaks and hand crafted beer, delicious.. I can't help but agree with everyone about this place.  I originally wanted to give it four stars, but for being a locally-owned shop the atmosphere was so great that I had to hit five.  I would actually almost consider moving into the apartments next door just so I could walk to this spot.  The coffee was good but man - plenty of couches, some extra rooms for studying, and you've got yourself a winner and possibly the coolest coffee shop for chilling in the Tempe area.. Wow. So surprisingly good! 

Family platter was wonderful. 

All of the salsas were so unique and tasty. 

We will be regulars now I am sure. 

Loved the street corn and sangria were great too.. Bravo! This is what you need on a Wednesday night after a long day. The ambiance is great. Pizzas great. Price is great. Overall, I am very satisfied with the whole ensemble bringing a bit of New York to Tempe, Arizona. 

Recommended frugal menu 
A slice of cheese pizza for 2.50$. How did anyone give this place a score lower than a 5?? You must hate breakfast. The quality of the food is equal to any in the US.. Great menu, fantastic flavors.  The mojo shrimp were amazing And the ceviche is a must have.  The drinks are also well done.  The drink are well done; original but not too over the top. Prices are fair. I absolutely love this place.  My must-have is the tripe taco - hands down thee best of the bunch.  This is the dish that I always order. The tripe is crunchy, yet chewy.  It may be a bit oily but that's what happens when it's deep-fried before it's minced and served. If you decide to get this or any other taco, tostada, burrito, or nachos, just make sure to get everything on it, else it just won't taste right.  You can also ask for some free sauteed scallions and peppers, which are actually quite good as a side with your dish.  Their horchata is pretty damn good, too - none of that powderiness that lingers in others's mix. 

This place gets pretty packed, espcially on weekends and nights.  I couldn't imagine it any other way, though.  Well, actually I can, but it's on the strip, and the place has great food and for very decent prices. Regardless if you are drunk, coherent, strolling around the area, or hungry for some Mexican food, check this place out.. This was a great find for us. The outside of the building made us question our choice but once we got inside, we were sold. The service was good and included several visits by the owner. Be warned that the drinks are handcrafted so they take a while to get to the table. We all ordered steaks because of the 50% off prices during happy hour (5-7.) There was nothing fancy about them. They were cooked right and had an excellent seasoned taste. The truffle Mac and cheese side dish was incredible. Save room for dessert. The donuts melt in your mouth. 
By the time we left at 8pm, the place was packed, mostly with locals.
It was a $20 cab ride from the strip, but was well worth the trip.. Last night I went to west side Grimaldi's for the first time.  I've been a fan of their pizza ever since it was introduced to me at work when we were filming TV shows near the eastside location.  I had been meaning to come by and show my support for the "new" Grimaldi's by my house for awhile.

We dined on the patio, and it was perfect weather to do so.  Yes, it's that one week in Vegas between hot summers and cold winters.  The service left something to be desired, and I was bummed that there weren't any appetizers on the menu like garlic knots (I swear there used to be, no?) -- but those are my only real complaints.  The pizza was great, and the ingredients were fresh as always.

I'm sure there was a price for the pizza, but I got lucky in that I won some Internet contest and received a $100 Grimaldi's gift card in the mail a month or so ago, so the only money that left my pocket was for a tip.. We went here for the first time after the Elite Event at PJ Clarke's with a bunch of other Yelpers.  The predominant thought running through my head after looking at this menu was "Why the hell did it take me so long to come here??".

Super cheap prices!  You could spend more and get far less at any fast food restaurant.  I got the Hai Nam chicken and my wife for the shrimp soup with udon.  Both were very tasty and filling.  We finished up our meal splitting an almond jello dessert for a whopping bill of $11.20.

Great, friendly service too.  The staff knew a lot of the guys in the group by name.  The owner came in to say hello and gave us a few plates of shrimp wonton appetizers on the house.  There were so many other dishes that looked great.  A lot of people in the group doubled up on entrees since they were so cheap and I look forward to trying more of the menu.  Consider me a Big Wong believer!!. Great food and employees. They are the only place that still has sprouts! I love eating here!. We have been coming here for over three years and while the service has been up and down, the food has stayed at a 4-star level. We have had just about everything on the menu between myself, my wife and our daughter, There have been some misses, but after reading some of the negative reviews before me, I wonder what standards these people are applying.. It is a chain burrito place, not Pampano in NY. Yes they still only take cash, but they have an ATM. Like any place you go to eat, you should give it two tries before condeming it. Oh and RIck S, thanks for the review, but I'm guessing you have turned more people off with teh update, so I hope you don't go any other places I like.. Stopped in here for a couple slices of pizza with my girlfriend.  The pizza was really good!  It had a nice, crispy crust , which is unusual for most pizza places around here, but I really liked it.  Gary and company were very welcoming and fun to talk to.  Apparently the cheesesteak here is great.  I shall be back!. I used to eat at this place almost every two weeks.  I ate there because it is AMAZING!  

The atmosphere is great, it's dimly lit and very comfortable.  The decorations are very authentic and tasteful.  Well, at least as authentic as I can judge.

The drink selection is limited, but not disappointing.  I rarely drank when I went here, usually a glass of wine or something.  So, I can't comment fully on it.

Now, the food... it was great.  The naan bread was amazing, my girlfriend and I would go there and just eat naan forever.  The tabuli and hummus are amazing appetizers that we almost always ordered.

I can't comment specifically on the vegetarian items, as I wasn't a vegetarian at the time, but I can tell you that the Lamb Couscous is amazing, flavorful and well worth the price of admission.  The spicy orange beef and Tuvak are also amazing well prepared, flavored, spiced and served.  The food from this place always looks picture perfect, sometimes I'd feel bad eating it.

I trust that the vegetarian items are good, given my girlfriend's persistence to keep eating here.  We'd always end our meals with a turkish coffee, which was pretty good.  I've had better.  And the baklava, well, it's the only place I've ever had baklava, so I don't have a frame of reference.

I love this place, I suggest it whole heartedly.. The White Sands Chimi is my regular favorite.  Best salsa in town but ask for the hot salsa which is my number one favorite.  Margaritas are great and HUGE.  Food is more New Mexican than Mexican.  It's spicy but excellent.  Ask for Raul.  He made us laugh and gave us great service.  Our favorite Mexican in Scottsdale.. This place is fabulous. Wonderful coffee and a myriad of other beverages, hot and cold. Upper and lower floor, pleasant decor.. Patrick and his team are so wonderful! I've used many dentists around the US and by far Absolute Dental has been my best dental experience. Patrick takes the time to pursue perfection, one of my front teeth had cracked and I couldnt afford to get a veneer. So he created a whole new tooth with just filling material. The shape, color, and placement of the tooth turned out perfect, you cant even tell its fake. I would highly recommend his dental services to anyone!. As a guy I always had to get my brows clean up. Having waxing all the time made my brows thinner and thinner by the day. Finally I found this place next to wal mart and I tell you that these ladies know the job done on point. Always I leave this place 100% satisfied and they even offer you water and coffee complimentary. I never go any other place and I am totally hooked up with Fabulous Eyebrow Threading. Thank you guys. You are the best.. With so many reviews, there is little more I can offer, with one exception. I find it a nice place to  grab a bite to eat in the early afternoon. There is rarely a crowd, and while open to the full third floor and just a few steps from the escalators, it is quiet and feels intimate. Also a good opportunity to watch your paella being made over the wood fire.. Went for restaurant week and have decided that outside of the steakhouses, this is my favorite local restaurant.  Service was excellent too.  Surprised not to see more reviews for this place..go people!. Teriyaki bowl is a must. California rolls are really nice! Much cheaper than Irvine... Goodbye. Las Vegas!. Bomberos is a unique place, that has always been a joy to go too. I've lost count of how many times I've been there, but here's some of the best highlights:

The wine - my favorite selection of South American wines is here. I'm not a huge wine connoisseur, but I know a good glass (or 5) when I have one. 

The food - The panini's are to die for. I really have no complaints when it comes to the food.

The location - the huge back patio is perfect any time of the year, even summertime with its abundant shade. 

The service - the staff is great, and it's a very laid-back atmosphere. So don't go if you in a rush. Enjoy the place, the wine, the food and the people. 

My favorite time to go is always during the Sunnyslope Artwalks. It's a perfect start to the evening then take two steps outside into dozens of artists booths, music and happy people.. The secret part is kind of silly, but the food is good and quite affordable.  The pizza is thin and greasy just like I prefer.  They have great topping options as well.  This is a great option for late at night, or when you just want something simple.. Old school steak house in every way... amazing food, great bar.   If your looking for nouveau which Phoenix as over done ad nauseum, your at the wrong place,  One of the few higher end restaurants in Arizona that actually has character and history..... Ok, I thought for awhile about what to say on Yelp about Hondatromics, and came up with a myriad of things.  I really want to keep this as short as possible yet be comprehensive about my feelings toward Hondatronics, and James and Nicole Bean, the owners.

I began taking an Acura RSX-S to Hondatronics (from here on out I will refer to this store as H.T.) when James and Nicole purchased it from Keith Doyle, who opened the store years before.  I was scared when James and Nicole took over as I had a few Acura and Hondas and was always pleased with Keith's work.  H was honest, professional, fair, and amazing. Since the new owners took the reins, H.T. His only gotten better.  On my 2nd visit I witnessed something which James said he honesty doesn't recall.  I lady was at H.T. To pick up her Civic. By the symptoms she outlined, James had prepared hermit the news that she, likely, needed a new transmission; and she was given an estimate of $1,800.  She had the cash in her hand when she entered the store, ready to pay. While waiting for a bit for James to come in from the service bay, we talked.  She said she was a 6th grade teacher, and was not prepared in the least for a new transmission, especially since educators are so seriously under-paid for the job they do. She was not happy, until James came in.  He told her that he was able to CORRECT the problem by seriously cleaning out her gears and changing out the transmission fluid, along with some kind of filter.  Her bill?  She owed H.T. A grand total of $78!!!!!  (And James had already begun apologizing that her bill was THAT much.). Remember that she had $1,800 in her hand, ready to pay!!!  After that visit, my feelings toward H.T., James, and Nicole were confirmed.  I WAS IN THE RIGHT PLACE, AND DEALING WITH THE RIGHT PEOPLE.

Ok, that was a few years back, but the fact remain the same.  I have been back to H.T. probably 45'times since then.  I have always been treated with professionalism and honestly.  I haven't always liked hearing what James or Nicole have told me regarding what they found wrong or the price to fix it, but not once have I ever questioned their findings or the price to fix it.  They have always been straightforward with me, and always given me a price lower than EVERY other store that specialized in repairing Honda products.  I'm so happy to have found this shop and James and Nicole that I even asked him to repair my Honda lawnmower, but he politely declined .  

THESE PEOPLE AND THEIR SHOP DESERVE THE SUPPORT OF THIS COMMUNITY. THEY HAVE WORKED VERY HARD, AND HAVE EARNED EVERY CUSTOMER THEY HAVE BY DOING EVERYTHING WITH HONESTY AND INTEGRITY AS THE FOUNDATION FOR THEIR  SUCCESS.  MY CARS WILL FOREVER BE HANDLED BY NICOLE, JAMES, AND HONDATRONICS.  

Recently I pondered the idea of a BMW for my next car.  I quickly changed my mind when James told me he doesn't work on BMWs.  Thanks for all the care and honesty you have shown me and my family over the years.  (And especially for talking me out of the Beemer.). After reading the reviews here, we decided to check out Cyclo since it's right down the road.  I can't believe we never went there before, it was REALLY good.  The food was spectacular, and the service was great.  It was affordable, and the owner wasn't quite as wild as we read.  She was energetic, but not overbearing.  We got there a little early, which was good because it got really busy later.  

SPECIAL NOTE:  It's one of those rare places where you can bring a bottle of wine, or some beers if you want to.  There is probably some fee for it, but it would have made our date perfect.

We had the garlic green beans (I would have NEVER thought of eating a full plate of green beans could be so scrumptious) , the curry/pineapple chicken (yummy and not too sweet, and finely tuned), and the Bun Sai Gon (Saigon Rice Vermicelli)...  all were A+ dishes and had very intricate flavor combinations.

We had three dishes and the bill was about $25 after a healthy  tip.. Great food! Owner personally talked to all customers! Clean and great A/C for a 108 degree day.. John F. Kennedy airport has under gone quite a facelift over the past ten years and as a semi frequent flyer, I try to limit my time there by looking to other airports to depart from and arrive at, as its quite typically a complete mad house.

Once out of the cab I hoped to get checked in as soon and as painless as possible, so I headed for the counter with this hope and was quite thrilled with the overall experience. My check in was as easy as pie and the counter person was super friendly and  I was off with boarding pass in hand ready to take to the skies.
Once aboard and my gear was properly stowed away I sat to take in the unique pink and blue hues that illuminated the cabin. 

The screen mounted on the seat in front went by the name RED, which is probably an acronym for something which I must have missed. The user interface is super clean and easy to navigate, so scrolling through the On Demand channel, regular television channels which picks up national and local channels as well and a music channel. 
Ordering food or drinks is a breeze as you just enter the seat number of whom you are ordering for, if not yourself, add to cart and checkout. You can swipe the card right on the monitor that you are viewing your channels on and within a few very short moments your order arrives.

Very enjoyable flying experience from beginning to end, putting Virgin America on the top of my list of air carriers I hope to travel with on a more frequent basis. Came here on a Tuesday night. If you dont know where this place is and if your not looking for it, then you will pass it up,(its on 7th st right next to Humble Pie). It has a very cozy vibe to it, and the patio had a good amount of people on it enjoying this wonderful weather. The service was good. Our waitress Elaina let us know which beers they were out of. And when they didn't have the one I wanted, she was quick to suggest an alternative which was just as good. 

We ordered the Calvano, and the Jive Turkey. The Calvano was good, it was almost like eating a pizza (just as Elaina told me). It had sopressata, artichoke chunks, local tomatoes, red peppers and a good cheese to compliment, on chibatta bread. I didn't try the Jive Turkey since I'm not a fan of cream cheese (it was either that or cottage cheese, hell I don't remember) but she said it was a good sandwich. Both sandwiches were accompanied by a side salad that came with dressing on it (don't know if you have an option to choose something different) which I thought was a great choice. 

The best part about this place for me was the music. I've never been to a place like this that plays hip hop! Adi don't mean that cookie cutter bullshit that's on the radio. I'm talking about Beastie Boys, Pete Rock and CL Smooth, DTMD, T-Love (bonus props for them playing this, I've never heard her music played anywhere but in my CD player)  some serious underground (read: REAL) hip hop. I had heard a couple of Pete and CL tracks while I was there, but it didn't occur to me that the restaurant was playing tracks off of Pete and CLs second CD entitled.....The Main Ingredient.  Well played guys, well played. 

So for 3 beers, and 2 sandwiches, total came to 34.98. Not bad at all. I'll definitely be back, and I'm bringing friends with me.. Story Time - My bro and I were in Vegas for 3 days of golf. We asked the concierge at the hotel to recommend a restaurant in Vegas, not necessarily on the strip. He gave us two to pick from. Battistas www.battistaslasvegas.com/ - "Italian Food" and Firefly "Tapas".   

We navigated to the Strip and ended up closer to Battistas.   The smell of the food was great, but there was no ambiance and having Chablis as the included wine was not working for me.  So, I pulled my brother out of there pronto and we drove to Firefly.

When we arrived at Firely, we walked in to ambiance and vibe.  Yes, this place had a buzz and I knew I had made the right decision.  No wait on a Monday night, yeah.   

Our server was excellent and somehow we merged our picks from the great tapas on the menu for one of the best meals I have ever had.

From memory, the following were our choices.

Heirloom Tomato Salad  -  One of the best salad dressings (the cheese they use in combination with the balsamic dressing was out of this world good).

Risotto Stuffed Peppers - Amazingly simple, but just the kind of Tapas I love.   

Ahi Tuna with Mango on skewers -  If there was a flaw in anything, the mangos were a bit unripe, but it was still really good.

Lamb Chops -  Small lamb chops.  I do not each red meat, so this was for my bro.  But, I am not religious and had a nibble, they were amazing and the sauce was great.

The garlic butter with the bread was so good, I have to mention that too.

The food was so amazing, we came back the next night after playing 36 holes of golf.   We were a solid 40 minute drive away, but the food was so good, we had to come back.  Unfortunately, we tried to broaden the orders and made a few choices that were not as good.  Gary ordered the fried calamari, but in hindsight, it is always good and it was not something that stood out with so many other amazing choices on the menu.   

In any case, if you are in Vegas, you gotta visit this great spot!. Great atmosphere. Great seating right by the fish tank. Great service food is excellent it's a must stop if you stay here.. An absolute must see while in Montreal; the faithful can appreciate the Church and others can admire the history and the architecture inside and out which both are incredible! Absolutely stunning beauty in the structure, the paintings, the ornate designs - everything. 

We saw the light show which gives a good recap of the history if the church and the history of the development of Montreal and you'll hear some of the organ pipes going and you'll be able to self tour afterwards for about 20 minutes after.. We came as a visiting team / mob of 24 on a Saturday evening, and they were able to accommodate us comfortably on their outdoor patio.  As many have indicated, the food here is basically elevated twists on some modern classic dishes.  Our group sampled a wide variety of their appetizers and entrees, and no one left disappointed.  Some of the "hits" I recall: Ahi Tuna Taco, Fried Pickle chips, and the Seafood Paella.  The service was also on point as our waiter took care of us nicely.

Definitely a good dining option when in Montreal - and again thanks to the venue for hosting us on rather short notice!. Nice place to relax.  good food. Best service!!!! Bring your own wine no corkage fee . Request food server Lucas.. The decor, the staff, the Greek music, the food and the desserts are excellent! I am a regular at this place because of all that. Nothing more to say except try the Key Lime Pie and the Galakto Bouriko desserts! N. 5 stars! There is nothing bad I can say about this place! They have a healthy side of the menu and a happy side of the menu. 
I always vary it up between both sides. The sweet cheeseus is amazing. Chick a waffledopolous is to die for and they have healthy and happy shakes. This place is for the average eater the healthy eater as well. They also serve breakfast all hours of the day.

I have to give it 5 stars because there's nothing wrong I can find with this place.. Tried this place because we could smell it near our hotel. Small joint, no real seating area except for two tables outside, but holy moly, great bbq for the price! The ribs had a nice smoked flavor and were amazing paired with their sweet bbq sauce, the wings are bbq smoked style, which means soft texture, not deep fried crispy (pairs better with bbq sauce as well).  Mac and cheese was a nice hearty cheezy baked style, and the potato salad was top notch.  Ordered it to go and ate it in the hotel. I would order another meal and take it home to New Jersey, but they are sadly closed on Sundays. Regardless, eat there!. Awesome place! Had some work done by Britney. Turned out sweet and I'll be back from more! Probably should have set an appointment but I got lucky and was able to get right in. Jeudi 14 novembre 2013

J'avais découvert ce petit coin de bouffe santé sans les 8 intolérants, glutène et ses compatriotes, à l'occasion d'une premier rencontre avec quelques Élites de Yelp par un bel avant-midi de samedi. Un bon petit dîner mémorable tout en amitié à faire de nouvelles connaissances.

Malheureusement, aujourd'hui le resto transmet à tous ses abonnés(es) un petit mot, un dernier "au revoir" pour indiquer la fermeture de l'établissement. C'est donc avec chagrin que j'inscris ce petit billet pour saluer tout l'effort fourni par l'équipe de Zéro 8 à faire de la cuisine un endroit sécuritaire pour tous ceux et celles qui souffrent d'intolérances et d'allergies alimentaires diverses. Je souhaite long feu aux propriétaires en espérant qu'ils puissent se refaire racine à un emplacement plus abordable, sur le plan immobilier, car c'est effectivement devenu très grave pour l'économie du centre-ville de Montréal. Les loyers augmentent et les petits commerçants peinent à survivre.

C'est donc à la prochaine, j'espère ! :-)

Thursday november 14th 2013

I met some new friends and Elites, during my visit at that nice little place where 8 of the most problematic allergens are taken off the menu. It was a nice saturday morning-noon, all in good friendship and healthyness.

Unfortunately, today, the restaurant sent to all of it's readers and clients a last "salutation" indicating the closing of the establishment. It's with great sadness that I write this little review-post for thanking the good staff of Zero 8 making sure the food can be safe for everyone from bad allergies and inconfort regarding gluten and all it's "contaminants". I wish to the staff and the owners a good life and hope to hear from them again, maybe in a different part of land where the cost is lower for owning and commercializing a small part of land. Downtown Montreal is becoming more and more expensive due to land value and municipal evaluation.

It's, I hope, until we meet again ! :-). I try to make it to Charlotte at least once a month, and if I'm in the relative area of Charlotte, I always make a Rusty's stop in the itinerary. I have always got the French Dip and never once have I been disappointed. The chili cheese fries are also very tasty. Small little hole in the wall restaurant, that offers great food, has friendly service, awesome cookies, and awesome sandwiches. Looking forward to my next Charlotte trip just for the Dip.. This place is amazing! The happy hour/weekend specials are such a bargain. The food is outstanding!!! From the breakfast nachos  and mimosas to the wine and cheese plate, this place has it all! One of my favorite places to go!. Excellent food and service. Kale and quinoa salad and mixed green salad very tasty and good value at $6 each. Salmon over fennel and shrimp fra diavolo also were quite good. The wine list, as expected, is fairly extensive.. What the hell is wrong with me!!!!! A week has not even gone by and I am reviewing another dessert specialized business. 

Lets call this my birthday treat as I do not do cakes. 

Located at the Bellagio is Jean Philippe Patisserie, in which I strongly urge everyone to check out. 

CALLING ALL DESSERT LOVERS I REPEAT CALLING ALL DESSERT LOVERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Not only is their displays of different dessert delicacys look delicious, all their desserts make me want to rob the place! Not for the money either! 

I order a Strawberry Gelato, which was so rich, milky, creamy, and had actual strawberry! This is by far the best birthday treat ever. I would have robbed Jean Philippe for their tub of Strawberry Gelato. Sentence me to prison, I just hope they have a fridge for me to put the tub of ice cream. Sell it in prison as if it were crack, because the inmates will definitely not be able to get enough of this hot new drug.. I'm a fan. Lunch specials every day -- that includes weekends -- are from 11am - 3pm. Each item includes soup, egg roll, salad, and rice. And they don't skimp on portion size. Chance are you'll leave satisfied. The yellow curry was awesome, although could have had a little more chicken. Pad Thai and the cashew nut chicken were excellent too. Service was friendly and quick and prices are inexpensive.. Really friendly staff here. Great selection of all items. Staff steered me towards a new product and it has worked out well. Joined the club too which gets your tax paid for life after 9 purchases of any amount. KInd of tucked behind Starbucks, but very big store once you get inside. Audrey and Jason were very helpful.. The food was awesome! I was a little under dressed, but if you do a business casual you will blend in. There was an hour wait, but they offered us outside seating right away. It was chilly, but they have heat lamps so it was perfect.

We ordered the duck flatbread and short rib potstickers for appetizers. They both were amazing!  We also had the pumpkin porter(seasonal beer). For our entrees we both got the turkey french dip. It was better than I expected. I got the apple slaw (it was okay),my friend got the mac and cheese (fabulous). The dessert menu has 5 items and all 5 were tempting. We went with the croissant bread pudding and we were not disappointed. I would love to come back and try other items on the menu. Just left Rivas for the second straight day....both times I ordered the steak ranchero breakfast burrito...AMAZING!!  a can't miss place!. Nice hotel, friendly people and a great location. $15 for parking is a drag but the worst is the train. Who builds a hotel on top of an active train track?. Awesome place filled with awesome stuff. It's a collector's paradise and Simon is awesome. Best customer service!. went there again with my girlfriend. this time it was a perfect experience. we ordered the american wagyu porterhouse together. the porterhouse was a bill a person. a steep price, but so worth it. the serving size for the porterhouse was actually more than we could handle. service was great and they didnt drop anything on me this time! it gets 5 stars now.. I like CLT.  This airport is large and has a lot of people going through it, and there are many places to stop in, grab lunch or dinner, and get to your next stop.  I normally don't have much time to hang out here, but I have been to a couple restaurants and they were clean and fast.

I especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations.  If you are flying FROM Charlotte, try the A concourse TSA line, it is usually shorter.. I only go to My Mother's for lunch because it's not too far from work, but I've been going here for about 12 years. The building they are located in is crappy, but the food is great. Nine times out of ten I'll get the open faced turkey sandwich, which is made with REAL home cooked turkey, not processed meat, with real mashed potato's and cranberry sauce. Excellent! Friends also recommend the steak sandwich, which you have to ask for. It's not on the menu, but they are more than happy to make it for you. If you want to impress your friends, park in back and take them in through the service entry doors, and on into the restaurant. It's kind of like Durant's, without the atmosphere.. A frequent stop for Mr. and Mrs. Q.  Whenever we have a light morning on the weekend we often visit this establishment for breakfast.  What I like about this place is  1.  Its close  2. Service is awesome  3. The Price is great but the thing I like most is the Breakfast Diner atmosphere.  If we live in this area for a length of time...Mr and Mrs Q will be a regular here and even if we move away to a different area in the valley we will always come back to our hidden Gem for Breakfast.

My Favorite:  Green Pepper, Mushroom, Bacon and Cheese omlet....with a side of Home Fries  (mixed with peppers and onions)  Delicious

Mrs Q.  Favorite: French Toast and Bacon.....But I end up eating half anyways.

Q. The food is great and very tasty. The service is a bit lackluster, with the staff taking quite a while to get your food out to you. Overall, it is very worth the wait, though. They have live music on occasion and a patio where you can sit and eat. Prices are a bit high but not unreasonable. I will be coming back.. This was a great little find. Tucked away in the Old Town district of Scottsdale, this little tasting room serves for an interesting spot to stop. I was crusing around on the Segways my family and I rented, (see Contemporide's review) and found this little olive oil and balsamic vinegar tasting room. 

With a very helpful staff, we made it a 15 minutes stop, tasting different combinations of oil and vinegars. After tasting all of the unique products we can the purchase an amazing Wild Mushroom Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO), Tuscan Herb EVOO, Sage EVOO and a Pomegranate Balsamic Vinegar (BV). 

My parents were visiting out-of-town and Outrageous was able to ship a few bottles to their house for a reasonable price. 

The guide gave an interesting tip for the flavored balsamic vinegars. He said to splash them into cocktails, like a vodka soda with a splash of Pomegranate BV. I have not done it yet, stay tuned...

What an awesome place! Great Job.. The Good: It's a fairly good musical.  Talented peformers, beautiful stage sets, and fantastic costume design.  They try their best to bring the film to the stage.

The Bad: The first half is quite slow and even dull at some parts.  Endure because the second half is a lot better.

Try: finding aisle seats.  The rows are awfully tight and it's a pain to squeeze between people.

Don't Try: watching this show when you're already tired.  You will fall asleep.. I was a lake-rat for many years before I sold my boat, got married, had kids, and so on.  I love going to humbug cove to tie up my boat and party all day long in the sun.  There is always about 40-80 boats in the cove with lots of beer and bathing suites....what else can you ask for.  After a while I stopped going to the lake to wake-board or water tube and would literally go straight to the cove on Saturday and Sunday around 1-3pm and stay till 5-6pm.  Then we would stop over at Top Shelf on 83ave & Deer Valley to eat and drink more.  Those were the days and going out to Scorpion Bay this weekend brought out all those memories so I thought I would write about them.. Very clean and very comfortable theater, non-matinee movies are $8.50 and the concession stand (if you must) is the usual highway robbery. The "stadium-style" seats are well cushioned and they aren't crushed together and the stairs are not steep at all..

Plenty of good food within walking distance - Salsa's, Saffron, Wild Wing Cafe and a burger joint called "Eat Here Now".

Parking is plentiful and more is coming with a deck nearly complete. It's reasonably well lit and I understand there is private security during the weekend evenings.

It can be a little difficult to find since the whole neighborhood is new and your GPS might not have it. From Tryon Blvd, go south from I-485. It is the very next traffic light. Turn left.. Very unexpectedly good.
I give 10 out of 10 on food.
Good service, and good atmosphere I really was in for a surprise.
It was worth driving for from the strip.. Coffee's great, very expensive (like, think Starbucks then add a dollar per size). Its a good place to hang out if you have work or honework to get done or if you'd just like to spend a Sunday morning out of your house.. Great café-style cowboy themed restaurant on the main drag in Wickenburg. Though it appears to cater to tourists it was great with a straightforward menu and great service. We had the Rueben and a patty melt and we thoroughly enjoyed both. The food was served quick and hot and not oversized which I like. The corned beef was lean and just perfect and the cole slaw was home-made style and really good too.. ...you wake up after a meal at Joel Robuchon and the gym at Excalibur (really, it isn't that bad) is the only free one in the city...you run your normal 6 miles with the amazing sort of energy that only about 3,000 calories of luxurious French Food can provide.  Next you check out of the castle, stow your bags at the Venetian (home for the next 3 days) - time for some Bouchon bakery!

Having been to each of Keller's three wonderful bakeries in the past year (along with both Bouchons, The French Laundry,and Ad Hoc) I - the guy who doesn't regularly "repeat" in vacation cities - knew that a stop or two at the bakery and a visit to Bouchon itself would definitely be on the docket for this trip to Vegas.  Arriving around 7:15am and checking out the fresh selection I must admit I was a little disappointed that so few new choices existed from last year - everything from the macarons to the cupcakes to the éclairs were the same.  Waiting in the short line and browsing the items I eventually settled on a couple of choices knowing I'd be back later to pick up macarons for my mother anyhow.

Starting first with the Cinnamon Brioche I have to say that this was the first time a Bouchon item ever let me down.  Served as a sort of "pull-apart" the cinnamon speckled bun was quite expensive at $4.50 and it honestly tasted like it may have been left over from the day before.  Appropriately buttery but relatively dry the bread tasted more of a dinner roll than a true brioche and the cinnamon was largely lost on my palate.  Furthering my opinion that I'd been hoodwinked on a day-old, the center piece was actually much better and more moist than the outer ring - evidence of "drying out" perhaps.

The second selection was the saving grace of the visit - a luscious strawberry croissant that was almost as much a coffee cake as a true croissant.  Featuring the wonderfully buttery French pastry that I sampled on last visit (with chocolate and almonds) the inside of the flaky pastry was this time filled with sliced fresh strawberries while the bottom of the croissant was covered with a cinnamon and butter crumble.  Crisp shell and soft interior - buttery, tart, fresh, excellent.

While I admit that this visit wasn't as wonderful as previous experiences with Bouchon Bakery, the service was still excellent and when I returned the day before leaving for home to purchase the macarons they actually did a wonderful job in packaging the cookies for the long flight home.  Selecting Strawberry, Lemon, and Orange my mom stated that the brown/green box was her favorite souvenir from this as well as many of my previous trips.  Can't really argue with that.. Beeeees everywhere! They don't bother you too much but they will eat your food and drink your drink. You just have to take turns. 

Food tasty and location sociable and enjoyable ... just expect to be in the background of many pictures if you're seated outside since people like to pose at the entrance to this strip. Perfect photobombing opportunities.

As of 9/2/12 ... they were hiring.. SKIP THE DEALER!!

Hands down the best spot to take your European car for all service. My entire family takes our vehicles here. Here is why this group is the best.

1. Honest
2. Best prices
3. Amazing customer service
4. Quality work
5. Rental cars from Hertz (hard to find with a non-dealer)

They have done many things for me from oil changes to brake pad/rotor replacement. Truly won my business when Audi N. Scottsdale said all 4 brakes needed replacement, Sun Valley said only the fronts were needed now, also were $500 less. It also feels good to support a small business. Give em a call, ask for Barry!. MonOrchid founder/owner Wayne Rainey has been at the core of the downtown art scene for well over a decade and has emerged as the leader in my opinion after a restructuring of the scene and loss of direction, focus and most of the long term leadership. This building with it's roof structure is a hidden masterpiece along Roosevelt much akin to the Braggs Pie building is on the adjoining Grand Avenue arts district. If not for Mr. Rainey's dedication to art and downtown I seriously question if there would be much left. He has stood the test of time in the face of unpopularity and even hatred from some who have come and gone (my Urban Abode Gallery included) and he continues to keep art alive in Downtown Phoenix and should be commended for his dedication.. Awesome food, great service most times. My family and I eat here at least twice a month, sometimes more. Never had a bad meal. Black bean burger is really quite delicious, as are the pizzas. Garlic dip is fantastic.. Hold the dirty sauce & the sourdough. Okay, let me explain. So I went with the wife and we got two different sandwiches. I got the Bear Hug on sourdough and she got the Thunderbird on the dutch-crunch. The Thunderbird comes with thunderbird sauce. It is so good, you could taste all the parts; pastrami, gouda, & thunderbird sauce. The thunderbird sauce has a little kick to it, which is why I prefer it. And now let us discuss the dutch-crunch bread, it is a little sweet so the thunderbird sauce goes on that sandwich in perfect harmony. 

Then we get to my sandwich. :-( The sourdough was great and I am sure the dirry-sauce is good (I had already got blown away by the thunderbird sauce) but the sandwich has way to much going on in it. Roast beef, jalapeno poppers, lettuce, & some other yummy stuff in there I can't even remember. 

Because they will pretty much make any kind of sandwich you want, I want to try meatball, gouda, lettuce, with thunderbird sauce on dutch-crunch bread. I believe it will be "out of this world". In fact Ike, here's a new sandwich and title for you.

One sandwich can pretty much fill two normal appetites up. Unless you are like me, a ravenous creature. Get one and share ot get one for two-three meals. 

This place is overwhelming, but a must. The staff is great two. Be patient when ordering, certain orders require them to go in the back and yell an order to a cook. Remeber hundreds have survived this, there is no reason why you can't.. If you need professional and courteous help moving, you need to hire Smooth Moves.  They are extremely efficient, experienced, helpful and flexible.  In my case, I hired them originally for four hours, when eight was needed.  Since they had another appointment right after and couldn't stay longer, they tried to find someone else to help out.   Turns out that the other job cancelled and they were able to work a couple more hours which was a huge help.  These guys are the best in my book. and will hire them again if/when needed. Love this place for good cheap Mexican food! Machaca burrito is amazing.. Just the way I remember the curry houses in Japan.  An intimate setting with name your spice level.  Even with the expanded dinning room the chef is no further away than a dinner party at home.  If curry is not your thing you won't find alternatives. The menu is just straight to the point.  Having said the 8 year old in our dinning party was quite content with the chicken cutlet and rice, hold the sauce.  Go figure.  My pork cutlet level 4, met my curry craving with high marks. Now to work my way up the ladder of heat. 1-9.  A 4 got my nose running lol.  2-3 level should be fine for medium fans.  The staff said the difference between 4 and 5 is more than the other steps.  I'll bring some tissue and take them up on that on the next visit.. I can't figure out why there are negative reviews on this place??  I have been here 4 times in the last 3 weeks with as many as 9 people and everyone has raved about their meals.  The service is outstanding and they have a great kids menu.  This is our new favorite place.  Great burgers!. Stopped by for a tour here with my doctor friend whose father is a patient here.   Back when I was starting to look for jobs I heard about this place recruiting so it was interesting to see what it has developed into.   I would absolutely love to work in a place like this with lots of windows, sunny atmosphere, interesting design space, and a crazy facade by Gehry.   One of the research folk (pre med) was nice enough to take us on a tour (their last one of 2012) and it was nice to see how the research and clinic spaces interact.  A plus for the patients is beautiful facilities with a lot of art, much of it neurologically themed.  There is a beautiful warped melting-wall Gehry style meeting room for special events.  An oasis for neurological care, head by quite well known and famous neurologists.   I wish we had a building and a medical team like this near me!. Really think this place brings for their cost, speed, quality and location.  Their food is very good and reasonably priced and always cooked fresh upon your order.  The kitchen is extremely clean and makes you feel good about what you are eating.

The chicken is fantastic as is the falafel, salads and hummus.  The fries leave a little to be desired but you really shouldn't be ordering those at a place like this.

This is not a place that you would bring a date to or be looking for a night out.  If you are looking for quality food at slightly higher than Subway prices than this is the place for you.  Also if you haven't had this type of food before this is a great intro to it and unless it is very busy the staff will offer you a sample.. Excellent vintage shop in the Melrose district. Hollywood Regency is in the space that used to house Phoenix Metro Retro. 

There's great vintage wear for men and women, all kinds of furniture, household bling, and other magical items from WWII through the 1970s. HR is a nice place to do some targeted or impulsive shopping while listening to Duke Ellington or other appropriately seductive music. 

Heidi, the owner, is extremely nice and very selective. She also participates in the Melrose Third Thursday and First Friday extended-hour extravaganzas. 

Tip: Check out Lamar, the cat. He's the light-heavyweight champ of 7th Ave.. Since yelp has threatened to take my reviews down for direct links, and I want people to know how good Root 174 is, I'll just tell you to check my site for the complete review.

Food is great, Service is great, BYOB ($5 corkage) 

another place that will be putting the Pittsburgh dining scene on the map.. Items Selected:
Toasted Bread with Chimichurri
Ham and Cheese Empanada
Corn Empanada
Chicken Empanada
Provoletta - Grilled Imported Provolone, Oregano, Olive Oil, Chili Oil
Parrillada Argentina - Short Ribs, Skirt Steak, Sweetbreads, Sausage, Blood Sausage
Flan Con Dulce de Leche
Alfajor Cookie
Milhojas - Puff Pastry, Condensed Milk, Cardamom
Pasta Frola - Quince Pie

Located in the same Spring Mountain plaza as Cathay House and featuring signage indicating both their Argentinean roots and Italian influences, Rincon de Buenos Aires is the sort of spot that one could easily overlook in an area so heavy in Asian influence, but with strong endorsement from an out-of-town friend and another from Chowhound I finally decided to visit the sizeable space on Saturday with results more than exceeding modest expectations.  Undoubtedly a spot where 'regulars' are expected while newcomers are welcomed with open arms it was just after 11am when my friend and I entered the Argentinean barbeque doubling as bakery, deli, as well as gourmet market and quickly seated beneath an LCD television displaying futbol while the rest of Las Vegas buzzed about the American collegiate variety it was as though we'd instantly been transported many miles away, our smiling server just efficient enough in English to guide our hand to a baker's dozen of options served alongside toasty bread and herbal chimichurri that eschewed heat in favor of earthy notes and smoothness that complimented everything on which it was poured.  Beginning first with a trio of empanadas that featured flaky puff pastry around intensely spiced chicken, cheddar studded in pork, and shucked corn with sweetness tempered by onions and cream one would be hard pressed to choose a winner amongst the group and turning next to the Italian Provoletta a similar theme emerged, the texture intensely creamy while diverse aromatics and just a hint of spice tickled the palate with each balanced bite.  Unable to ignore the tabletop barbeque, presented still sizzling with pre-set options or choices a la carte, it was after perhaps thirty minutes that our enormous entrée arrived and featuring more than enough for a family of four to share we each sampled widely, the blood sausage particularly noteworthy for myself with a spice profile and texture on par with artisan sausages I've paid double for elsewhere while the tender sweetbreads were also beyond reproach.  Transitioning to dessert I was fortunate to be dining with a friend who was more than willing to take the overindulgent approach and although I'm rather certain I consumed the majority of what was ordered there is no doubt that we were both invariably impressed by everything that arrived - the milky flan smooth yet rich while both the Milhojas and Alfajor presented a more restrained sweetness and textural juxtapositions of cream amidst crunch, a slice of quince pie rounding out the quartet with the fruit's intense sweetness finding its foil in a buttery golden crust.

Every bit as good as the rumors, and the very definition of 'hidden in plain sight,' Rincon de Buenos Aires is the sort of place anyone looking for something 'new' or 'different' should investigate, the prices trending a bit higher than much of Spring Mountain but quality of product, preparation, and service far outperforming most of them as well.  To the best of my knowledge the only Argentine barbeque in Las Vegas and one of the few places where blood sausage and sweetbreads can be bought by the pound even vegetarians will be safe here as the restaurant offers a number of unique pastas, pizzas, and produce driven options...not to mention prepackaged goods, ready-to-bake empanadas, and desserts that are well worth the effort even if you decide to take them home for later and skip the sizzling meats.. The best place for breakfast. When you come here, be ready to wait a few minutes to get a table. Once you're seated get ready to feast on an awesome breakfast. The three piggies omelette or any of the skillets are very, very good.. Great set-up. Self serve restaurant with house made pasta and sauces.

Got the chicken alfredo, really good.. Great burgers! Over-filling the yummy fries  is awesome! Impossible to leave here hungry.. What a concept. Any pizza u can imagine. And made for you. This is killer at anytime. The kids love the Mac and cheese pizza. Dude behind be counter is knowledgeable.. Incredible. From start until end my son and I were living the food and presentation. We got strawberry and orem shakes and both were great and massive. Jalepeno poppers were great. The sweet potato fries were also very good and a huge portion. My son got the farm burger and really liked it. I had hello kitchen burger and it was also great. Only downside was that I was stuffed from the shake, poppers, and fries by the time the burgers came. Easily could have fed four people.. We come to Vegas once a year and we were looking for a killer steakhouse. Yelp did not disappoint. Everything was great from the service to the food to the Kobe beef steak for 2 to the wine and desert. We enjoyed ourselves for about 3 1/2 hours and were never rushed to get out of there as they did not need to clear the table for someone else. $350 for 2 including the tip and it was a very nice evening. Agree 100% with all the other reviews. You can't go wrong here.. Great lunch spot.  Delicious curries and other Indian meals.  Best part is they really kick up the spiciness if you want it.  Reasonably priced and your food comes fairly quickly.. I'm going to Be Shopping for a Car Real Soon and United Nissan has alot of Advertising for their Auto Sales Here in Town . Nissan is a Smart Choice to Pick for a Sleek Modern Look and Very Economical on Gas. I Am Highly Geared Towards a Nissan not Only for it's Makesmanship ,but the Overall Package ,for instance the Nissan 370Z 6 cyl, 3.7 L, Manual 6-spd, Has alot to Offer With The 19MPG City and 26 MPG Highway.. Looks upscale. We went for lunch. Short menu, but I will confirm that the reviews concerning the steak were accurate. I had the steak sandwich and it was great! The steak was done medium well and it was tender. We were seated inside but in the back where there were windows so it was not dark. In fact our area was not only completely lit it looked fantastic. The waiters were also quite polite.. still damn good burger. messy and delicious. fries are pretty good too. tried the strawberry malt and it was tasty. otherwise not much else i can add from my previous review.


Yum.!!... Playboy roll is great, avocado roll is good, service was good and prompt. the rest of the rolls we had where also good. the rice was perfect and it did not fall apart like at some other places. family ordered teppan food which the chef did a great job with the cooking and the show, better than benihana. prices are really fair for sushi. will come here everytime I'm in the area.. I walked over here from The D last Sunday for the champagne brunch and was in awe over all the food they had!!!!!  This was the first time I've ever had prime rib for breakfast!  In addition to a couple of those, I had chicken fried steak, Eggs Benedict, biscuits and gravy, hash, and orange chicken with rice.  All were DEELISH!!!!  I'm planning on making this a routine stop every time I visit Las Vegas!!!!. Very cool very hip place.  Great for hanging out on the weekend to sip coffee and play on the internet.  The place is small so it feels really cozy.  It looks like it used to be a gas station so it has a funky fresh feel to it.  Coffee is good and they have a small variety of yummy baked goods.  Check it out if you've never been there.  I'm not sure what type of bandwidth they have there but the wi-fi speed is always lightning fast.. WOW!!!!
Great Wine, Great Beet Salad, Pasta the way Mr. Scott Conant intended it, simple ingredients done perfectly!!!
Great Wait Staff, top notch.
By the way the old saying rings true, judge a Restaurant by it's BREAD and it is exceptional and so is this experience.
Well Done. Creative rolls, high quality & reasonable prices.  Ambiance needs some work.  If I remember correctly they were playing country music.... and there wasn't much charm.  Maybe dim the lights and play something more upbeat and innocuous... electronica?. I love love love Danyal's work on my lashes. She was gentle, patient, and completely professional. Her work is detailed and you will not be disappointed. Make your appointment now!. Definitely the best buying experience I've had to date. Staff makes you feel welcome and is very knowledgable. The staff went out of their way to make me feel welcome and answered any questions I had.. We used JMK Lawncare for general yard clean up, weed spraying, tree trimming and the trimming of a rosemary bush.  We were very pleased.  I called JMK early in the week, and by that Friday I had an estimate.  After agreeing, they got the job done before 11 AM the following Monday.  It was less than a week from my first contact to the completion of the job.  

We've had a few lawn companies come out, and the prices of JMK were in line with what we paid these other places.  The yard looks great, communication was fantastic, and the prices were competitive.  I absolutely recommend JMK for lawn/yard maintenance.. Again as is the case for most breweries/brewpub that I make the effort to actually visit, the beer at Dieu du Ciel speaks for itself, so this review will be strictly about the establishment itself.

It's probably a blessing in disguise that the Quebecois seem very much ignorant of Dieu du Ciel's reputation outside of the city of Montréal, chiefly in the United States -- to keep it short and sweet, Dieu du Ciel's brews are one of the few non In-Bev/SABMiller owned Canadian beers that distributors seek out for sales in the US. 

I was pleasantly surprised when I visited Dieu du Ciel because it was noticably devoid of the usual craft beer fanatics making life incredibly uncomfortable by making me wait hours upon hours before being able to taste victory like some of Dieu du Ciel's Vermontoise neighbors to the Southeast. I walked in with a friend after a nice lunch in the Plateau de Mont-Royal area and found seats at the bar with very little resistance.

Dieu du Ciel's brewpub doesn't really feel like a brewpub at all. Save for the huge vats to the right of the main bar area where they experiment with the new brews and the inundation of DdC art work everywhere, the brewpub just feels like your average neighborhood watering hole -- a place for weary souls of all drinking ages and social classes alike to unwind and enjoy fresh local beers to end or start the day.

The service here is very attentive and friendly, and like most Montréal establishments I've been to on this trip, serviced by gorgeous women. I'm starting to realize that I may perhaps be living in the wrong state. Or maybe even the wrong country.. As a hardcore Yelper, I find it a responsibility to place a park or business on Yelp if there is no listing. When I was walking in Southern Highlands back on July 13, I saw that Jimmy Pettyjohn was not on Yelp. It is now and Lavi. S has reviewed it.

 Jimmy Pettyjohn Park is a 1.09 acre park in Southern Highlands at the northeast corner of Southern Highlands Parkway at Valley View Boulevard. It is a park serving the local community. It does a good job at this. It is fully gated, which is a good thing if you have little children. There is a state-of-of-the-art shaded playground, shaded gazebo, green grass,  rest rooms, and attractive preipheral landscaping. In the summer, Jimmy Pettyjohn Jr. Park features night time movies.

  When I rate community/neighborhood parks, I rate them differently than regional parks. Due to the tiny size, I am very picky. I look at the condition of the grass and equipment,  connectivity to adjacent land uses, and surrounding area. Jimmy Pettyjohn Park scored well on all of the above. The grass is a perfect shade of green. The playground, gazebo, picnic tables, and equipment were in prime condition. Although there is a need for a parking lot, the park connects nicely with the Southern Highlands community. On my visit, it was part of a hike that included the Paseo Walking Path. And the surrounding neighborhood appears to be safe with graffiti being relatively nonexistent.

  I am impressed with Jimmy Pettyjohn Jr. Park. However, I will not drive out of my way to Southern Highlands to visit it. It is a park that functions more as a community green space for Southern Highlands residents instead of Yelpers such as myself that reside in another part of the valley.. This used to be Bruce Scher's Goodyear.

We just recently bought a '96 Integra GSR and the previous owner put cheap tires on the car.

We came in at 12:56 PM and Chris D. helped us right away. We decided that the Nitto Neo Gens were the best choice for our price range.  He let us know about the road hazard coverage and I figured for all the money we just spent on these tires, we should buy the coverage. Chris & Steve were both polite, knowledgeable fellas. I appreciate that they took us in at lunch hour, and gave us the best experience we could of asked for.  My Girlfriend and I were very happy with the service.

Unlike Pep boys, they don't charge $15 a tire to dispose of the old ones...  I'm sure we'll be back to service our other car ( '91 Integra LS) at some point.. Beautiful facility that cares about my pets. I drive all the way from Hayden and Shea to get here and it is worth the trip. 
I've also referred several friends and they have all been extremely happy. 
This place does a ton of charity work, which makes me glad to support them.. Ok so I love Thai food. This place was also voted Best of Las Vegas a few times in the past few years. There are 2 things certain here. One. It's a popular place. Two. It's Thai food. Real Thai food. I like they have specials off the menu. I enjoy a lot of different things here from the Pad Thai, the red curry with numba 10 spicy. Their mint beef is pretty good too.  Mmmmm.....Their Thai Iced tea is not overly sweet. The staff is friendly and the cost is average. It's a very nice atmosphere. Overall, it's more of an "upscale style" thai restaurant. Don't eat during lunch at Buffet. You will be disappointed. Have dinner!. Wow. Seriously wow! You would never guess food so good comes from such a bad looking location.

Trusted my fellow reviewers and stopped by for lunch. Boy, am I glad I did. Ordered the chicken with vegetables lunch combo. The dish was near perfect. The veggies were crisp and tasted fresh, just the right amount of tender chicken, and the sauce was exactly what it good chinese should be... light, not salty, not syrupy, not sweet... just right. The rice was also perfect. I detected no MSG flavor. When you order a dish with vegetables, you should be able to taste their sweet freshness, and that's exactly how my dish was prepared.

If you put this meal on a fancy plate, you would gladly pay $20 and enjoy every bite.

I took off one star because the dining room is not much to look at. A little dark, a little cluttered, but clean. Obviously, the bulk of their business is take-out and delivery.

Note the name change: New North China Restaurant. Employees were friendly and my food arrived quickly. Without a doubt, I will be back.. I like this little place!  I love Mom and Pop restaurants.  I usually order either the sopes e carnitas, or gorditas.  I have tried a few other things on their menu like the shrimp cocktail, carnitas plate etc., but the gorditas and sopes are just good.  

For those of you who are wondering what a gorditas even is...its a corn tortilla "pita" pocket that is stuffed with protein of your choice, cheese, onions and cilantro.  Sopes are handmade corn tortilla dough "cups" that are fried, then topped with beans, protein, lettuce, tomato and cheese. Like a tostada but better.

This is not a fast food taco joint, so be patient, all the food is handmade by a gang of women in the kitchen!  Comida especial!

There is a very large color menu to help us gringos order with a wide range of choices!  Ala carte or plates.... There food is so good I would eat it if they sat me in the bathroom and served it on the floor.. U must go at least 2 times to really appreciate this outstanding pizza and add ricotta cheese as one of the toppings............I LOVE THIS FRIGGIN PIZZA, NY style cheesecake and the lady godiva chocolate cheesecake was unbelievable.      I could eat this pizza 7 days a week, 24 hrs a day.     Trust me, one time is not enough to really appreciate.. My girlfriend and I have been coming here for a few weeks now and I feel obligated to write a review because I am in love with their Champion Pancakes (Blueberries, Cinnamon, Oats, Almonds). 

I tried these on our 2nd visit and haven't had anything else since. Maybe I'll update when I try something else but for now I'm recommending this place because these pancakes are some of the best I've ever had. I'll be a recurring customer til they take these off the menu.

Everytime we get a chance now and we are going to breakfast I always suggest this place. I think she hates it now because of me but it'll always have a chunk of my heart.. Triple George was a great find down town. Great ambiance, excellent food, and amazing drinks. 

Just a quick walk off of Freemont and well worth it.. This is a great neighborhood bar, Cheap drinks, friendly patrons and cute and bubbly bartenders.  Amazing Karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays, friendly Texas Holdem games on Mondays and Thursdays and 50 cent pool make this place a great find.
The location and parking is convenient and safe. This place is awesome!. Delicious food and friendly service.Amazing views from 360 windows.. This place is a wonderland of fabrics and related supplies! Its a virtual warehouse of every kind of fabric you could want or need! I came here because I was told they have the most extensive collection of marine vinyl in The Valley, and after checking out a few other spots, THIS IS IT! I restored my boat seats and got all the fabric from here, as well as the foam for my seats, which they cut for free! Staff is helpful to a straight, non-designer-guy like me! Its even fun just to look around at all the stuff they have here.. I had some simple work that needed to be done, a new battery and some new brake pads.  I saw they were highly-rated on Yelp and gave them a call.  Not only did they fit me in that very day, but they offered to give me a ride while my car was being worked on.  I had a friend picking me up but just the offer of a ride was impressive.  Later that day, the work was done and the price seemed very reasonable.  It's been a couple of weeks now and no further problems have occurred.  That's more than I can say for the last place I went to.  I give Gene's the highest rating possible.  Keep up the good work!. One of my favorite places in Charlotte. Super cozy inside, food is something like mom would make. Great selection of local beers. 

Fried pickles from here are a must! 

Service is alway friendly, go there a few times and they will know you by name. 

If you haven't tried it yet, this Charlotte landmark is a must!. AT ABC GETTING A COLD ONE IS AS EASY AS 1-2-3

    I do not take for granted that I live in a city where I can walk along the boulevard with a cold one in my hand while admiring Paris, Venice, New York City, and a grown up Medieval Castle. When I want to leave the 9 to 5 on the shelf and enjoy myself on the Strip, ABC Stores is one of my leading stops after the parking garage. When I park at Paris, this location or the one down the hall in Miracle Mile is my go-to place for a cold one on the go.

   ABC's prices are far less pricey than the bars nearby. I favor paying $5 for two 24-ounce beers than $8 plus tip for one beer at a casino bar. What is interesting is that where there is a large gap in the price difference of Bud Ice and Bud Light at the supermarket, it is relatively nil here.

  The refrigerated beer selection is satisfactory. The greater number of beer are the 24 ounce cans. They include Michelob, Budweiser, Coors, Miller, and Modello. My beer of choice is the 24 ounce Michelob. Supposedly it is Busch's Cadillac of beer, and I rarely see it sold in this format in supermarkets. A blemish is that ABC employees will not open glass bottles. It is your responsibility to have the bottle opener. If they would of been kind enough to have done this for me I would of purchased a glass bottle of Heineken. Other yelpers mention that you could pick up other booze at ABC. Personally, I prefer the sit down atmosphere and talents of a bartender for the mix drinks.

 ABC Stores is also the go-to place for cold beverages that you do not need an ID to buy. I have gone to ABC Stores for water and Gatorade. Their cola selection falls short of the new Walgreens that has one of the fountain machines with the 100 flavors.

  I would like to bring up that I pass over doing check-ins here. On the Strip, I have run into the problem where I am told to "Slow down Tiger" on my check-ins to the point that they have suspended them for the rest of the day. So, please take my word that if you want a cold one on the go that ABC is a good choice.

The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 58 out of 100.. An amazing section of light bulbs for just about anything you need. Most are in stock, reasonably priced and ready to take home. I have brought in several odd bulbs that I needed to have replaced with no markings on them - They always come through like champs. 

Take my advice and covert your old bulbs to LED - Well worth the cost for me just to not have to replace burnt out bulbs all the time - some of my lighting is very hard to get to and Halogens are so damn hot!. Just fantastic.

We tried Angelina's for the first time and were hooked. They food is amazing with innovative takes on pizza and wing flavorings. They custom make their ranch dressing/dip and it shows. Service is personal and reliable.. This is a rare gem for holistic or health-conscious items. I buy all my essential oils and exotic oils here ,  . Although the price is moderately competitive for such items, they are a local employer and a manufacturer/distributor of all things health-oriented. They are conveniently located near Sunset/Paradise off Pilot Road, and can special order anything in the website catalog! Always a good experience for me! I create my own premium beauty care products that require some very stringent quality standards: things like shampoo, body wash, lotion, body butter, lip balm ( message me for free samples).

I am a staunch supporter of local business, and Vitacost is the definition of the kind of business that I like to support! If you need anything vitamin- or health-related, the Vitacost store should be your first stop!. I have had a lot of my suits, shirts and linens cleaned here and they always do a great job, and go above and beyond...plus they are Organic. The Alexanders Love #OrganicCleaners. My dad and I decided to try Great Wall because he had heard many reviews about the place and everyone insisted that you had to come try the Dim Sum.  Since I was in town visiting, it gave us the perfect excuse to go.

I'm happy to report that the experience was most excellent at Great Wall and that it lived up to the hype.  Upon getting there, we were given a number to wait as the restaurant was completely full, there were probably 150+ people there dining, however, we were seated within 15 minutes.  As soon as we  sat down, the carts started rolling by with various plates of items to try.

The pancake, shu mai, shrimp, duck, and sliced beef inside a wrapper are highly recommended, all were excellent.  I did have a bit of trouble taking the shrimp out of the steam container because their rice wrappers were sticking a bit, but that does happen.

I would advise that if you have an allergy to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls.  Since my dad has a shrimp allergy we did have to watch for that.  I did want to try their egg rolls but I would have been the only one eating them, and they were big enough to make a meal in itself.

The sliced duck was one of the best I have had at a restaurant, well cooked with crispy tasty skin, and not too many bones to get in the way, and very reasonably priced at $6.25 for a plate.  Most other Dim Sum plates are $2.25 or $3.15 so you can end up eating a lot for a very reasonable price.

If you love Dim Sum and are willing to wait a few minutes for a table, but you will get fast service afterward, this really is the place you want to go to.  There are still so many more dishes to try as well, but that will be for another trip.. Second time here during our stay at the New York New York in Vegas.

Potstickers with chicken as an appetizer. Tasty and juicy.

Afterwards we had the Tomato and Garlic Beef. The meet was tender, the vegetables were crispy, and the sauce was extremely good. Portions are big, we (two) shared one main dish and the both of us got really full.. I stopped in here yesterday while I was running errands to take a little break. I picked up three things (I didn't eat them all at once ). While waiting to ring up my delicacies I tried a sample of the Buttermilk Chocolate cake and it was moist and divine. The employee said it was their number one seller and I can see why! 

The Apple Turnover I ate there with coffee. The Turnover had a buttery flaky crust, filled with a delicious cinnamony apple  mixture and drizzled with glaze. Last night I tried the Cherry Coffee cake and can I just say scrumptious. It was moist, flavorful and had these yummy sour cherries  baked throughout. This morning I had their luscious chocolate bread pudding!  

Give them a try! You deserve a treat today!. Stopped by for breakfast after the Color Run (Feb 28th). My daughter had the fabulous biscuits and gravy, my son-in-law had the nifty eggs benedict, the grand babies (3&5) had a stack of fluffy Funfetti hot cakes with bacon and sausage  and to round out the bunch I had the Chilaquilles with steak.....fantastic. The Oj is squeezed fresh and the delish coffee is brewed fresh all day. Now the service was awesome and the servers were very accommodating. Some places are not kid friendly but this place welcomes them big time. The menu has it all for b-fast and lunch. We'll be back for lunch soon. 

Try it you'll like it......... I stop by this place once or twice a week when Im in the area. They have a nice selection of home made pastries and rolls. And the prices are very cheap. Heck they only charge $0.75 - $1.50 for most items.

The food is always fresh. They told me they bake it locally daily. You can taste the freshness.

I usually get a soft pretzel and will buy other pastries as house warming gifts when visiting friends.

As soon as I walk in the door one of the German ladies comes running up to me with a big smile welcoming me (not at all the norm for Vegas).

Highly recommend!. As a former sushi chef & business owner, I would say that Zushi Bistro is well on it's way to earning the respect and favor of the people of Mesa.  Being only 9 months old Zushi Bistro has already acquired a fantastic staff filled with individuals of great talent & potential.  

Like any new endeavor there are a few things that can naturally use improvement.  And I believe the people at Zushi Bistro can make that happen.  

The sushi is good.  The atmosphere is special.  And the staff cares.
Zushi Bistro in it's infancy has already achieved some wonderful and unique things.  Such as;  a spacious & relaxed patio area, a bar that inspires charm & beauty, and a sushi bar fit for the most avid sushi fan.

If you expect absolute perfection out of a brand new establishment, this may not be the place for you.  Zushi Bistro in all it's potential is young and pulsating with possibilities.  This is truly a place for the creative and open thinker.  Where there's still room for the Good People of Mesa to make Zushi Bistro THEIR place to hang out and have a good time.

I know when I go to Zushi Bistro I can leave all pretension at the door and still enjoy an evening of quality dining. 

- Matt DeLeon
Singer/Entrepreneur
480-621-7737. Our favorite spot for reasonably priced sushi in Charlotte! The sauces that are used to top the specialty rolls add flavors that I haven't seen in any other sushi restaurant. The Yoshi roll is loaded with good, fresh fish and again the sauce puts it over the edge. The Out of Control roll is another specialty roll with multiple sauces leading to great flavors.They also have hibachi and other Japanese dishes for those in the group that aren't interested in sushi.. Have been here multiple times and had great service and food every time. Their seasonal menu is delicious!. My experience with hair salons over the years has consisted of many, many first dates that went nowhere and much too much time coming home to do my own repair work after a butchered haircut. I was beginning to lament that Charlotte was not home to a single stylist that could cut more than grass when I was recommended to try Cutting Image and all my problems were solved!

Let my start by saying my hair is weird to deal with. It has a natural curl that I actively suppress, it's coarse and busy, it grows thick instead of long, and there's starting to be less and less of it on the front. If it sounds like the stuff stylists' nightmares are made of, that's because it is. I assume it's also why many stylists before didn't know what to do (or didn't care to try).

But Sarah at Cutting Image is a miracle worker who spent the time on my first visit doing a thorough consultation, getting to know me and my hair and what I've liked in the past and what I haven't.  She created a cut that worked perfectly for me and I can't imagine seeing anyone else now.  

I was very impressed by the professionalism of the entire staff and the kindness they show everyone who comes through the door. During my last visit, when I arrived they were pretty slow - in the mirror I could see another stylist using a mannequin head to practice a style in her downtime, instead of the cellphone/magazine/eating I've seen in every other salon I've tried.  No wonder the ladies here are so good - they care about what they do!

And yes, as others have said, it's not the $15 haircut most places offer, but you get every penny's worth that you pay for and I would recommend Cutting Image to anyone.. Went there to watch a hockey playoff game Sunday @ 6:00. Place was not busy and we were seated right away. Waitress came over right away and took our drink order. We ordered the wings and fish tacos. Food was decent and reasonably priced. The place started to fill up. Looks like a lot of regulars. Food was good and priced right. We'll be back again.. Yelp a cab company?  This was a hard call because with so many drivers, service from one cab company can a crap shoot.  In this instance, the review is more for the driver than the company.  Coming back from Fremont Street on Halloween eve (the absolute best experieice) we picked up a Desert Cab.  Even with a healthy yet responsible buzz, here's what I wrote in my iPhone notes from the back seat at 12:49 a.m.:

Liben Shimels (Driver), dress shirt, stylish black vest, professional driver with skills straight out of an action movie, took the most direct route (no cabbie flim-flam), no cell phone chatter (in a language I don't understand), professional, courteous, jumped out and opened doors with a smile.

Note to the employer - Liben is a rock star cabbie.  I wish I had put his cell number into my contacts (in case I get accidently caught up in a bank heist and need to make a fast getaway).

Kudos - After my Yelp post, the manager of Desert Cab, Jesse, sent me a personal message.  He said he'll hook me up with my favorite cab driver on my next trip to Vegas, which is soon.. After a hectic week, I (like many before) dropped my phone on a tile floor. Liz and the team at ifixaz came to the rescue and were able to fix my screen right away. After a delay in getting parts, Liz saved the day and the team stayed super late to find my part and get the job done. Kudos and many thanks to ifixAZ.. I'm very surprised at the reviews I have read here and disagree highly with most of them. I am training for a new job in the area and stopped here on a whim. I had the spanakopita platter and was seriously impressed. I didn't even really think I enjoyed Greek good as much as I now realize I do. 

It seems that most of the ppl here are giving negative reviews based on their expectations from a previous owner which I think is kinda silly. I found the food to be delicious and it is also very fresh. 

I left with a doggy bag, a full stomach, and a pleased palate. If you haven't been here you should definitely try it!. I live on the opposite side of town, but from now on I don't mind taking a trip all the way to Summerlin just for my new favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas! Yes Honey Salt is that good! The head chef here is a friend of a friend and is really cool and has a great pedigree. Another friend is actually friends with the owner, but that doesn't mean I'll be biased on my review though, as I prefer to be brutally honest.

As soon as you step inside, you will notice the great ambiance and the interior decor. The theme of this place is very quaint and romantic especially at dinner time. With the brick walls and candles, and friendly staff, you will feel right at home even if it's your very first time here. I've already heard good things about this place and was finally able to try it out, and I'm happy I did.

I ordered the New England Fry as a starter and the Mos-quito (mojito) and the Caramelized Scallops as my entree. My date ordered the Shrimp and Linguini. The New England Fry was good but I've had better fried seafood in other places. The Mos-quito was a very refreshing drink and had a nice blend of sweetness and flavor. Caramelized Scallops had one of the best plate presentations I've seen in a long time and was literally the best scallops I've ever tasted. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I tried some of the Shrimp Linguini and it was very good as well.

The outside patio dining area would be great in spring but not during the cold winter here or hot summers. Also make sure you make a reservation in advance especially during the weekends for dinner because they tend get fully booked.. I like this place, though not as much as my parents, who go constantly. It's a pretty reasonably priced Mongolian stir-fry place. The food is pretty good. I normally get the beef bowl, which I prefer with the udon noodles (though brown rice is okay too). The food is pretty solid in terms of quality, though with all places like this I tend to burn myself by overthinking the spice selection (too much cayenne pepper today, because I forgot that it's spicy as heck). I'm also not a fan that you get one bowl and one shot unless you want to pay $4 extra for unlimited food, but I'm cheap. It's good, fast and interesting.. The food here was above average, but more importantly our server Thierry was exceptional! I will gladly return here again one my next visit to Vegas.. Omg..love this place. Love Samantha and the hot guy Jorge.  My favorite place on earth.. Pittsburgh Deli Co is just off Walnut and a great lunch spot if you want to hang out in Shadyside.  The food is always hot and fresh, the beer selection is great for the size of the place and there is a friendly staff.

Enjoy a sandwich, beer and watch the game on a number of decently sized LCDs (though they aren't in HD).  The prices are reasonable and it isn't ever a long wait for your food.. Joe and his crew are super helpful and friendly. I took them a B&B exhaust to be installed on my C5 Vette.  During the install there were some issues with the fitment and Joe was able to work with B&B to get the situation resolved quickly.  They did a great job with the install and my car came back perfect just the way it went in.. Traveled 13 miles to Born & Glazed because my sister told me about this place. Got there and it was closed without any reason or notice. We were within normal business hours. Disappointed and therefor I'm leaving this review. Even the sign on the door said they'll return at 7:50 and I assume it's A.M. Because the they'd be closed at that time in the P.M.  Who closes up shop without notice? Yelp said they were open too. 

**Update**

I was surprised to receive a comment from the business owner explaining the circumstances. He was very apologetic and impressed me with his professionalism. Because of this I'm choosing to raise my stars as I'm am still looking forward to trying their donuts when I return.. Get the curries (sag, vindaloo, pepper fry) or the biryanies. Avoid the tandoori.. Thee best massage ever. The combination thai, deep tissue work, etc was unbelievable. Would go again and again. Highly recommended!. My father and I ate at Täko on Friday night around 10 PM. We just got into Pittsburgh after a long 12 hour Amtrak journey from Boston and decided to grab something to eat near our hotel. We came upon Täko and were instantly intrigued by the outdoor seating that looked into the kitchen. We waited outside for a few minutes then realized you are supposed to go in and put your name on the waiting list. We spoke to the hostess, who was very nice,and she seated us immediately at the outside counter. 

Damien, our waiter, was awesome from the get go. He recommend the Tako taco (grilled octopus) as well as a guacamole blend and a few drinks. In addition to the tako I ordered the Korean taco. The Oaxaca Old fashion was a great Mexican spin on a traditional old fashion and Damien gave us a little background history about how that drink tied into the whiskey rebellion. The tuna guacamole was the perfect fusion of Japanese and Mexican flavors. The umami flavors really came through and they were not scant on the amount of the fish they included in it. 

The entrees were also delicious. I highly recommend the grilled octopus taco. The fresh lemon juice and the peanut sauce made for a refreshing and savory coalescence of flavors. The octopus was very tender and the portions were generous. The Korean taco had a good amount of spice it blended the flavors very well. For dessert we had the whipped cheese cake, which was a modern deconstructed version a traditional cheese cake. It spiraled up around a center of blueberries blackberries and raspberries. They topped it off with a creamy vanilla ice cream that stole the show. All of Damien's recommendations were successes. This restaurant is a must for anyone in the area-great food and staff.. Anyone that went to school here knows what this place is about.  The beer, the music, the atmosphere, the chairs, the movie nights, the fireworks, etc...

Of everywhere I've been to, this is one spot that truly holds a place in my heart.. Got it for free...sign up with their play card "The Code" and get 500 points..u will get 2 free buffets good for 48 hours. I played $100 and it got me to 1000 points. If u don't use it, u will play $40...bottomless mimosas for $12. Let me first off say that the service by PK was awesome.  The food was made and delivered a lot faster than I was expecting. I really had nothing to do so i was looking to kill some time while I ate but they were quick and not in the rushed manner.  I didn't have the appetite to go for the all you can eat sushi so I just elected for a spicy yellowfin roll and a garlic chicken bowl.  The food was really delicious.  I also can't recommend the Hawaiian Sun drinks.  I had two flavors and would like to try them all.  Overall great experience and have them on my list to come back to. I want to give their all you can eat a shot when my appetite is ready. Cheap drinks and food provide a nice break from the high priced surrounding casinos. Happy hour mune and drink specials daily. Friendly staff with quick service. Chips and salsa very tasty and some pretty sexy outifts on some of the waitstaff. Tv screens spread out pretty well if you're looking for a place to watch sports or get the night started.. If you are looking for a quick auto inspection in Derita, check these guys out. I brought a book with me to read while I waited, and I barely had time to turn the page before being called to the service bay. I figured that they had found something wrong since they summoned me so quickly. Nope, they were done. Great service.. Oh, where to begin on this? How about I break it down by the good and the bad.

The Good:
The food I had was mostly delicious. The Stroganoff was so full of flavor. Very heavy on the garlic with tender beef and mashed potatoes. No noodles here. There was even a side of tomato slices and cucumber slices. I was brought a basket of crusty bread and butter. Very good also. Also on the side of good was the service. Excellent is actually a better word to describe the service. The hostess/waitress was very friendly and attentive. She was asking me about my experience (or lack of) with Russian food. She took the time to explain and describe the food to me. She asked me how I liked the Stroganoff compared to traditional American style. Dessert was insane. I ordered a Napolean. It was so rich and sweet, and made in house. It was refreshing how I was treated here. 

The Bad:
I ordered iced tea and received something different. I'm not really sure what it was. It was sweet and taste a little bit like old beer. I was told it was a classic Russian drink.  The mistake was corrected when realized it was made. The borscht was unremarkable. It was not bad but it taste much like a soup I made at home not long ago. I expected something a little more stand out.

The Other:
So neither good or bad, the decor. It is a small and simple place that feels much like a cafe. It is dimmly lit with a disco ball in the middle and a small stage up front. It looks like they have an open mic night or some kind of Russian entertainment. In fact, there was Russian pop music playing from an unseen speaker.

Overall, I am impressed and pleasently surprised. If it wasn't for the higher price tag I would like to go back. Luckily for this night I had a great deal from Groupon ;). Have you ever been riding along and a place catches your eye and for whatever reason you can't stop but vow to return to that place one day? Mandy's was that place for me. Right off the light rail stop at 24th Street, I was continually passing it by on my commute from Mesa to Downtown Phoenix and back again.

When a friend of mine at work had yet to experience the light rail, I knew a perfect opportunity for her to ride it would be an excursion for lunch and Mandy's would be the ideal place for us to go. Believe me, Ms. Mandy did NOT dissapoint. Almost everything there is fresh and homemade.  The fish was tasty and not greasy and the tartar sauce was chunky and creamy. The cocktail sauce was a tad vinegary for my liking, but it had good flavor.

The only thing that I think would take this place to the next level and give it an extra star is some hand cut fresh 'chips' because while cooked well, you can tell they came out of a bag. I'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time!. This would get 5 stars, except for how slow they are. Great food.

It's just so slow they take forever to give you your food. Great place to rent a bike for Scottsdale Greenbelt. Their parking lot connects to trail. It is about 6 miles south from store to Tempe. Trail goes 11 miles nort. Spinners has helmets, locks, and small equipment bags. Friendly staff, good rates. We got an education on disk golf while there. Easy ride for families to Tempe for lunch.. Yuhi K. was talking about wanting to try this restaurant out at the last sushi UYE and it has been stuck in my head to visit. After reading the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and friends, I had to go. At first, I wondered about how they were going to survive with the upcoming summer heat while serving hot pots. I might be a freak that enjoys eating boiling hot soups in the middle of a Vegas summer, but many more are about to join after one taste.

I got the much written about Intestine and Radish Hot Pot. Do not let the name of the restaurant fool you. There is nothing mini about these sterno fueled cauldrons. Although they have a rule about one pot per person, it can feed two easily. Don't like the rules? "NO SOUP FOR YOU!" It is ok, just take the leftovers home. 

The condiment bar has everything to personally custom your vat of gastronomical delight. Fresh chopped scallions and cilantro was added with a heavy hand. A side of house made sesame paste and BBQ sauce was ready for dipping. For $10.99, I left with two meals and a happy stomach. Do not let the heat outside deter you. In some Asian countries, eating hot foods helps to cool the body down and Booming Spot has the best cure for the heat.. I recently used Total Handy Services for some minor upgrades that I wanted to have done in my store.  They came the same day to see what I wanted done, and completed the project without any inconvenience to me, everything looked professional, and their price-point was excellent for the professional service they provided. Will definitely use again!. Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.. What an unassuming place, being located in Palace Station and all. The Pan Roast was amazing, and and was a combination of flavors that all harmoniously blended together. It's basically a bowl of tomato/lobster-bisque packed with seafood and some rice. I also got some oysters on the side, which were excellent. The service was nice as well.. I received a 30-minute gift card to this place for Christmas. I've only ever had one foot massage before, and that was at Rex's Best Foot Spa. With that experience in my memory, I figured that 30 minutes couldn't possibly be enough, so I paid the extra $20 to get a full hour.

The lady that gave me my massage was Jenny. I can't say that she was better or not better than Rex. They both have their strengths - literally. I think overall, I like Rex's routine better. He seems to really go over every area thoroughly and methodically. With Jenny, she kind of spent a lot of time in some areas and not so much in others.

On the positive side, she was able to put in a good amount of pressure. She even got on my back with her knees. At least I think she did anyway. Also, I actually fell asleep when Jenny was working on my feet. I think my snore woke me up as I dozed off! I can't say I reached that level of relaxation with Rex.

Still, I'd have to give the slight edge to Best Foot Spa, if only because they are slightly cheaper. It doesn't matter that Far East is closer to my house. The travel difference is trivial. In any case, Far East is definitely not a bad choice for a foot massage.. Get there early! But if you don't have reservations the wait is absolutely worth it. My gf and I stopped by with no reservations for dinner at around 5:15pm and the place was PACKED. We waited for about 20 minutes and were seated. The staff were very friendly and patient with us. We got beer and hamburgers. THEY WERE SO GOOD. I love eggs on my burgers and they nailed it. DELICIOUS DELICIOUS. Definitely will be going back.. I'm so happy to have found this shop. The prime Saratoga Rib-eye is the best steak I've ever had and the owners are extremely friendly and informative.  Goodbye to AJs for meat purchases.. I go to totts almost as much as I go to my kitchen...never had a bad meal, and it's fun to see employees from pei wei eating there. If you're thinking of going here or the Petsmart on Charleston, don't even think about it. This place is miles better. The building is new, the store is really nice, clean, modern. It's just a nicer experience by far, and you don't feel like you're walking through a rundown pet store like Petsmart. It also seems more like the "whole foods" of pet supplies since they have tonssss of organic and specialty foods. I mean tons. It's really feels like walking through a whole foods with all the healthy, organic, options they have for your dog. 

What makes this place truly 5 stars for me is their staff. Our first night here (just adopted a dog), we came towards closing time, and we were talking to this staff member who I believe is british. She was super friendly and obviously had a deep affection for animals (was very sweet to our dog). We also wanted to buy a dog bed from them, but the same bed was like 30 bucks cheaper on their own website. We said OK, can you price match your site? She said unfortunately not. So we said no worries, we will order it online and wait for it. The manager was standing nearby cleaning up some shelves, he came over and said what's the price difference? Ah, just do it. So they hooked us up without us even asking! We were very grateful to take her bed home for her that very night!

Since then, we have been back multiple times at night, and that same british girl is usually there. She gives our dog treats, helps us find items, and just overall makes this more than just a beautiful dog store. Not to mention the prices are often equivalent or cheaper than Petsmart, it just makes going to Petco instead a complete no brainer.

We haven't tried their grooming services, but we did try Petsmarts today and we got a very bad vibe. The woman who did the nail grinding for our puppy (her first time, even though she's 3 years old), seemed to be ambivalent about dogs, and wasn't friendly or nice with our dog. We won't go back, but Petco's grooming is our next visit (we were kicking ourselves the moment we left Petsmart, because we completely forgot Petco has grooming).

This has become our reliable pet store, and if you're looking for a nice one, this one is it!. I am a frequent here because of the light flatbread recipes and amazing chicken caesar wrap. Great quick lunch spot!. Our 2002 Acura konked out on us in sunny slope area of Phoenix. We were not able to start vehicle so we went to a local garage in their neighborhood quoting us 450. We are students on a budget so we got our car to start temporarily to drive down to Mesa. Long story short they are professional and did the service for a way better deal. 75% better . We will be back for sure.. After going to bed around 6am and getting up at noon, and before hitting the road for the long drive back to LA Sunday afternoon, we decided to come here for brunch since our friend that lives there raved about it.  We had to speed there from our friend's house since they stop serving on Sundays at 2:30pm, but thankfully we made it in time.  They serve "twisted farm food" and plenty of it.  Their menu is filled with plenty of heavy meat, eggs and potato dishes.  The kind of food you want to eat a lot of and then take a nap.  They have various brunch food including hash dishes, scrambles, flapjacks, French toast, waffles, stuffed burgers, sandwiches, salads and benedicts, as well as a section titled "Indiana Favorites".  Being from Indiana, I knew I'd love this place once I saw that.

I decided on the "Tractors Driver Combo", which includes 2 eggs with bacon, sausage or potatoes and flapjacks, waffle or griddled French toast.  Since half the items on the menu feature bacon, I decided to get that as the side.  I had to get the griddled French toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The eggs and bacon were good, but the star of the dish was definitely the French toast.  2 pieces of fluffy French toast with pecan maple syrup, whole pecans and a cooked banana sliced in half lengthwise.  Amazing.  Possibly the best French toast I've had.  Maybe not the best thing to eat before having to drive 5 hours since I just wanted to sleep afterwards, but worth it nonetheless.  

A couple of interesting dishes on the brunch menu are the "O'Hare of the dog", which is a 24 ounce Budweiser with a side of bacon and the chicken and waffles, which unfortunately didn't look as good as chicken and waffles from Roscoe's in LA, but did include a full piece of bacon cooked into each waffle.

The atmosphere was very cool, kind of hip and kind of country, and the service was adequate.  The prices were reasonable, given that you get big plates of food.  I think our bill for 4 people came out to around $80 or so.  In addition to the great food, they were playing a very interesting mix of music.  From REM to Notorious B.I.G. to Sting to the Beatles to Gwen Stefani to Justin Timberlake to Elvis Costello.  Something for everyone I guess, but thankfully no country music.. My girlfriend and I had come in here on Saturday. I was planning to bring her on a Wednesday but she was so moody and angry...it was hard to accomplish anything with her. Wednesday is when they have some pretty good specials at good prices I hear, Thursday, and one other day I believe. 

In any which case, the parking wasn't bad...I got a spot up front. However, the parking lot was like a strip design so if you have a large SUV like I do, you might have issues with reversing and leaving, etc. 

The place looks pretty old school. There' s a small patio in front for smoking and presumably eating as well with some coasters and a TV inset...was pretty nice. 

There's a small bar to the right when you go in and a salad bar and probably the cooking area front to the rear. I presume the bathroom is off to the side as well. When you get in, there's a small waiting area/lobby to the left. It looks pretty comfy on the couch. 

We were shown our seats immediately. We waiting a few minutes for our server to get our drinks while guys were cleaning up our table off to the corner meant for two. They were quick about it and the busboy made some small talk, everyone seemed fairly friendly. 

After our waitress took our drink order and appetizers which, was a potato skin appetizer we got free since I checked in on Yelp!Mobile and crab stuffed mushrooms, we probably waiting another 15 minutes for her to come back and take our order. My girlfriend picked out a filet mignon med-rare with rice pilaf and a side of steamed vegetables instead of the soup or salad. She didn't want a salad and they were out of soup of the day or the soup. I got a New York strip steak with a rice pilaf and a salad. You can either get your salad before or after entree. I went ahead and got the salad before entree since I'm a fat kid that needs to fill as fast and often as possible. They have a salad bar which has some pretty decent selections. There some macaroni stuff that I wanted to try too but I didn't, sadly. About 10-15 minutes after I got my salad, the steaks and stuff came. My girlfriend thought her steak and food was pretty good. I thought my steak was pretty good even though it looked way more rare than I usually would get. Let's be honest, when she asked me how I wanted my steak, I wanted to tell her, "breathing." Heh, a page taken right out of Chuck Norris' book.

Anyways, the food was good. The check came out what I expected and we left pleased. I would come back again since my girlfriend liked it here.. I am not a seafood fan at all. The only time I eat it is when I am by the coast and that is out of obligation.

That being said, when someone decided we should go to a place that serves fish tacos, I could think of nothing more disgusting. But because I am always willing to try a restaurant's staple dish, I bravely tried a mahi mahi fish taco.

I don't get surprised by non-desert foods a lot, but wow!! I loved it! In fact, for the next several days I actually had fish taco cravings. Since that experience I have been to a few places where they recommended their fish taco, hoping to satisfy the craving I would eat them but they were horrible compared to Cabo Fish Taco.

I have now been back several times and have even guided a few friends into trying a fish taco. I still don't eat seafood but love these fish tacos. The complimentary homemade salsa is really good too.

Word to the wise though, if you have a group bigger than four people, show up really early or plan on a wait. They don't take reservations. And only have a few places that seat bigger parties.. very cool haunt! we had such a great time very cool haunt! we had such a great time, We paid an extra 7 bucks for the speed pass, and it was worth it. There was no wait at all with the speed pass. They have three haunts. The first one was called "chaos maze" that was ok, gets you ready for the main houses. Then we headed to "The Crypt" there was a pretty long line, but we had a speed pass, so we went right in. They did a really good job here, it was really scary, I won't give it all away. We then went through "The Asylum" it was great. I recommend this to everyone.. Awesome!!! I love the special chili sauce condiment they concoct in house. Friendly, great service, super clean. Would go every day if I could!. I am so happy our town finally has a Sushi Bar.  The sushi chef has been doing this for most of his life, beginning his career in Seattle.  They shop the world for the best fresh fish and have great creations.  If you don't see what you like, just tell them and they will create rolls for you.  Great customer service.  Rolls are reasonably priced. Tell Iris that Jim and Mollie sent you.. Amazing restaurant! We ate here twice in one weekend! Located in the Venetian with its own elevator from the casino level, Bouchon leaves little to be desired. Plates are large and reasonably priced for such decadence and service. The Steak frites was very tender, grilled to perfection, the mussel plate come with a million mussels! Wine-sauce was perfect for the meal. Each plate came with French fries---and a ton at that, the server mentioned that each plate comes with 17 potatoes.

Brunch was delicious. The coffee is the best I've had in a long time. We ordered te cheese tasting (honey and cheese and apples)---great! Madame Croque is fun. It's a sandwich with ham, cheese, eggs, wow. We also ordered their famous chicken and waffles. The chicken isn't fried, it's baked. Waffles are cut into quarters and are full of herbs/tasty spices. We loved the syrup and the savory sauce that came with it. Both dishes came with fries!

5 stars for an amazing dining experience. I wish I could eat here all the time!. Very good steak!  I guess I should try something different sometime. Very friendly and helpful waitress, and fast service.  Maybe I'll find a good Mexican food place up here.. Right off McGill University, this park was easily accessible by any mode of transportation. It takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the top, and once you're up there, it'll look like you spend 2 hours on that hike up. The views are spectacular and they even got this huge event space to throw parties/weddings. There's also a bathroom, cafe, and vending machine up there. Though the real deal is the water fountain outside the bathroom. Water was ICE COLD. On a hot summer day, you can't get better than free ice cold water at the top of a mountain. Legit. This is what a pizza should be!  Mmmm. Coal flash baked with real sliced mozzarella. If you like Neapolitan/New York style thin pizzas, must try!. A nice step away from the usual chain hotels.  This place has style.  The bathroom is a highlight.  Good location near the university, a bike path, and some good shops, Trader Joe's, and restaurants.  Coupon to use the city bike rental program for a day.  I'd do it again next time in Madison.. Had family coming into town soon and Paul worked us into his busy schedule the next day.  He had great communication and was on time.  Paul diagnosed the problem over the phone and made recomendations if needed.  Very honest and meticulous.  He fixed our R/O in a timely manner and tested the water to make sure it was working.   I also call a few other R/O companies to make sure he was in range and he was below all of them.  I would recommend Paul to anyone with R/O issues or install.. Nice place. I went there for lunch with my coworkers, had tuna grill burger it was awesome. 
Service: I order for Tuna but instead got the veggie burger, waiter and manager both came over to apologize and didn't charge me for burger. Which shows me how much they care about their customers.

I would recommend this place to anyone.. Had a wonderful experience here. The food and service was excellent. The venue wasn't the best and didn't seem like a super classy steak house, but everything else more than made up for it.

The food was to die for.
We came in a huge bachelor party so we basically ate every cut of meat. I had the New York Strip cuz I'm not of the brightest caliber. Everyone else got the rib eye with bone in or prime rib, etc. Those were all amazing. My New York was really good, but when I saw everyone destroying their rib eyes, I got jealous.

The starter cheese breads and bacon rolls were amazing. They come with garlic butter and some other type of butter. Amazing balls.

I strongly suggest you order the sides of Jalapeño Fried Corn and the Mac and Cheese. The two sides were honest to God the best tasting sides I've had at a steak house.

The service was also top notch. The staff was super attentive, and went above and beyond to make sure everything went well.. This is a really great place. the wrap smoothie combo is actually a pretty good deal. wrap is large and smoothie is large too.
nutritional value is excellent!
there is very little for small children to eat though - the food is just too difficult for little ones to chew. it would be nice if they had a small plate of hummus and veggies or pita - for kids.
aside from that though - it's a great place for  a healthy meal and not too pricey at all.
i had the spicy thai wrap and i recommend it. :). Awesome place.  Just like the shops in NY and NJ.  Same quality Bagels.  They are boiled here, not just baked bread like the other places.  If you have not tried it you must.. Boy this place has cleaned up.  Good sized casino, very clean and not horribly smokey, staff was wonderful... it appears to have been renovated recently.. I absolutely love this place. I started skating here two months ago and I can't say enough good things about it.
The staff is knowledgeable and helpful, the prices are reasonable and it truly is available for all sorts of skaters, from "a level" hockey players to figure skaters to curlers.
The level of care and attention to the ice is highly commendable. The ice is zambonied after every session and they make sure to keep the north rink a bit colder for hockey. You can't really tell you're skating in the middle of the desert.
If I could improve one thing, I would make a membership program or skate session bundle pack to save frequent skaters and families money. 
Also, I wouldn't be sad if they put down another sheet of ice someday. They host a lot of tournaments and the ice can get a little tied up during those times. Nothing that you can't work around, they do a great job at being fair to all the skaters and try not to make it "hockey only".. Stayed here last night for the first time. I'd have to say that overall it was a pleasant surprise. Felt a bit like the Cosmo (which is a good thing) for a fraction of the price. The only trade-off is that you're off the strip, and need to either catch their shuttle (which only goes until 7pm unfortunately) or the onsite sky train... Or cab of course. 
Our room was nice, but wasn't 100% clean when we got inside. I can tell the maid did a bit of rushed job. The service at the casino was stellar though. I got the vibe that the employees are really trying to earn patrons business from the strip. 
Bonus: Katsuya sushi is on their main floor. They happily served us just before they closed (they should be open later anyway on a weekend) and the quality of the fish was better than other places I've been in Vegas. 
I will definitely consider the SLS on future trips. Great value!. Amazing people! Great conversation when we ordered!! Amazing food! I will return for sure!! The place was also super clean! Couldn't find a bad thing here if I tried!. I go here about 2-3 times a month for a meeting. The majority of the time, the waiters are very nice and serve us diligently. They keep up with clearing our dishes and give us free bread before serving us. They have excellent chicken and waffles, chicken pot pie, cobb salad, and tomato soup. They also have a great bakery that makes excellent blueberry muffins, bread, and carrot cake. For the price of each entree, it's definitely worth it. Great  traditional American food.. I love the Red Shed. Went their a few times this weekend....Boy do they have great drink specials. Monday night we got $1.50 TOP SHELF mixers. What a bargain. We walked in and got seats right at the bar. The next night we stopped by for 1/2 price pints of beer. We had 2 pints of good beer for $3.75. So I was in town 2 nights & hit this place both nights.
I have to admit I'm bias since my Dad loved this place & use to take me there 30+ years ago when I was a kid. They use to have great food, but they don't serve food anymore.
I'd give it 5 Stars if the bathrooms were not so disgusting.... Definitely a must do in Las Vegas.  We had such a fun time with my whole family.  Thanks las vegas Atv tours!!!!. Great little coffee shop right off the 101 at Via de Ventura, the staff (i think the owners) are extremely friendly and the coffee is good. I would agree with a previous poster that the coffee is not too bitter. Have tried the breakfast sandwich, the muffins and the oatmeal; all very good. Really easy to pop off the freeway, get your coffee and get right back on.. This place has a pretty cool vibe and the food was good as well. I could go up to five starts if I eat here a few more times. Nice work!. A very nice hotel for the value.  I don't gamble so the casino looked fine to me.  The hotel is HUGE.  A city inside of a hotel.. About 5 miles away from the strip. Like other reviews have mentioned, this place is not very busy at all. But it should be. The food is outstanding, very tasty and a great option if you like Turkish or middle eastern food. The quality of the meat and seafood was excellent. Great service as well. I recommend escaping the strip for a quiet dinner here that will satisfy your palate.. I was referred to these guys by my dad who has had his taxes done here for a while now. Since then I have been using these guys to have my tax returns prepared for three years now. What got me to go there was prices, what keeps me there is their service. They do everything from my business bookkeeping, payroll to my business and personal taxes. Hands down they are the best in Las Vegas!. This stuff is heavenly.  The sea salt caramel defies description.   IF you haven't had any yet, you should stop what you are doing and look them up right now!. Two for lunch. Salmon salad (excellent), tempura calamari (excellent), roasted Brussels sprouts (could have be roasted a tad longer), horseradish potato gratin (very good but not a hint of "horseradish" ), spinach and cheese fondue (excellent). 
Service by Christian very good. Crossings - New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, excellent - White Cosmo - just OK. Worth a return visit - (they were very busy but service was still very good). Food and drink prices were modest as well. Ambiance is "open and airy" large windows - lots of natural light.. This was the last meal we ate in Vegas because we were sick of eating buffets by then. Didn't do any research on non-buffets so we came here at the recommendation of my aunt. Place was a little hard to find because the signs at the Venetion/Palazzo weren't too helpful. Even though the casino was packed there was no line when we went in so we were seated almost immediately. The waiter forgot to bring us bread so we didn't get any until after our main courses arrived. I ordered the Sunday night pasta, which is basically spaghetti but with steak and short ribs in it instead of ground beef. Don't get me wrong it was pretty good, but not really something I would pay $15 dollars for. You can't really tell the meat is better since the pasta sauce has a stronger taste. My dad's dish, on the other hand, was excellent. He ordered the slow roasted short ribs and they were fantastic, full of flavor, juicy, and tender. This place really deserves 3.5 stars but I guess I'll bump it to 4 since the decor is pretty nice.. SHARE!!!!!!!! That's the most important thing to do here!

We ate here on 12/11. I got the sandwich that has 1# Turkey 1# Corn beef and 1# Beef tounge and slaw on it. It was very good! The wife got the tuna melt also huge.

My critique is that I they must freeze or just have very very cold refrigeration because my Turkey and tounge were a little  too "cold". Other then that it was a good meal.. I arrived on a Thursday afternoon around 2 pm. The old man was there cutting another older man's hair, Within 2 minutes, I was in the chair having my haircut.This is an old school barber shop with a friendly European man cutting hair. He told me he had over 60 years of experience and I believe him. It reminded me so much of the experience I used to have as a young boy when my father and I would go and have a haircut together. Classic experience, cheap price $15 and above all else a cut that no less than 5 women complimented me on later that day! This man is incredible. Will be returning in the future.. Naturally, this isn't where you're going if you want a super-expensive, white tablecloth place.  

But, if you want AWESOME Jamaican food, this is HOME baby!  I'm not Jamaican, so I can't say with any great authority that it is authentic, but I've lived in Miami, in a heavily Jamaican neighborhood, and this reminds me of what I had there.  The curried goat was very nice.  But, my wife got the jerk chicken, which usually is a dish that does not excite me.  This one excited me! 

The woman who worked the place was such a sweetheart too.  Great service, and she was just as accommodating and welcoming as can be.  

I can't recommend it enough.. I just recently had my roof repaired and re-coated.  From start to finish, Brown did a top notch job.  Their proposal was competitive and submitted in a timely manner, the communication and scheduling was clear and well organized, and the execution of the job was flawless.  All of the employees that I talked with were courteous and professional.  As a follow-up to the roof work, I had my home inspection partner inspect the work.  His comments were that Brown did an excellent job!  I highly recommend them.. Very good place!  I love how they take their time and hand wash the car.  The people there are very friendly. I don't know why there isn't more tiki bars in Las Vegas.
Frankie's Tiki Room is fun and the drinks are tasty and many are pretty strong.  It's well off the strip, which is a good thing as I was tired of the overpriced tourist traps and tourists on the strip.. Went to Cibo with a few friends and shared a pizza. It was so awesome! The waitresses were nice and respectful and if I'm in downtown again ill definitely go back! The pizza sauce was fresh and the crust tasted like heaven!!. Unbeatable prices with the friendly staff in the Valley! Excellent customer service and great facility.. I am one of those people who was apprehensive about getting a massage.  I've thought about trying it for a while, but had never found a place where the therapist made me feel comfortable.  That changed after talking with Chris & David...  If you are new to massage or just looking for a new therapist these guys are worth a try.  They really go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable.  They have created a very relaxing studio where you can really relax and enjoy your time.  

They also have a great online booking system that works great on my mobile, I have them bookmarked on my phone so whenever I think about it I can book an appointment and add it to my calendar in no time flat.  I have recommended them to many of my friends who are also very happy customers.. You can read one of my many reviews for Southwest but they will all be the same.  Affordable and convenient.  In and out of Vegas with little hassle and I still have some money in my pocket.  This particular trip was from Vegas to LA so it was extremely cheap for this hour flight.  Once you are up in the air you are back on the ground before you know it.  It was so quick that we actually didn't get drinks and snacks but it was ok because like I said the flight was so short.   I don't think this is the norm but for some reason the flight attendants were not able to prepare serving before we were already on our descent.  No problem SW is still legit.. I've been waiting quite a long time to eat a Nobu, and I finally had the experience last week.  Luckily, I have been in Vegas for work, so have had the opportunity to try some great restaurants.  So far, Nobu may have been the most expensive, but also the most delicious!

We opted to let the server make the menu for us and gave him a price point.  We went with about $100 - $125 per person, and we were all blown away.  I don't know what most of the dishes were called because we let the waiter pick.  However, I will describe the hightlights.

1) Favorite dish was the Miso Cod.  I'm not sure what Chef Nobu does to make it better than all of the other Cod dished I have had, but it was amazing.  This dish just melted on my mouth.

2) There was a raw whitefish with some chili powder flavor on it.  It was what we started with and was delicious

3) Seared Salmon Belly was also awesome.  It was tender and the sauce it was paired with was great

4) Dessert was a shave ice bowl with green beens, mochi, and other flavors.  It was a bit sweet, but also really good.

The only thing that I was not crazy about was the sushi selection.  There were 2 rolls that came, that I did not particularly enjoy.  The lobster roll was nothing fancy, and the nobu roll was a bit too "fishy' of a taste.  The Tuna sushi was really good, as was the seared salmon sushi.  

Overall, a great meal with great service.  The price was a little much, and for me I felt it was a little excessive.  Definitely a 5 star evening.. Great place. I have been a customer going on 25 years. It's the only deep fried fish (outside of home) that I like. The shrimp cocktail is the best. The only complaint is the shape of the spoons they give you.. This place has often steered me away from the junk food clutter you find along Boulder Highway. Roberto's Carne Asada Burrito can't be beat from around 5 bucks. Three rolled Taco with Guacamole are another favorite. If you really want to chow down plates with Spanish Rice and beans are available. Not overly greasy and very tasty. The drive thru window has been a daily drive now for months. I notice if you go to the same guy at the drive thru, put tips in his jar your Burrito tends to gets larger. If you don't tip they forget to give you salsa. Ready for the secret, Wednesdays the Chicken Tacos are 99 cents.. The place is literally on the way out of to towards Boulder City and in the middle of nowhere . Great Mexican food, wonderful Salsa and a pretty good full bar. One of the best Mexican restaurants in town and it's family owned. I go there often and never had language problems there and wait staff has always been friendly and efficient .. I saw this place on diners drive-ins and dives so I went to see what it's all about. On the show, they were showcasing what the place is known for. Strombolis! It was this massive looking piece of dough stuffed with pizza toppings. I ordered the Stromboli and when it came out my jaw hit the table! This thing was huge! 4lbs! It had sausage and pepperoni and mozzarella. But what set this Stromboli aside from others that I have tried, was the dough! This Stromboli crust was damn good! It was flaky and buttery and crisp! You bite into it and you have that little crunch from the outside but then the inside is moist and flaky! I'm not even talking about the filling part yet! I'm just so in love with this crust! But with everything together it made for the best Stromboli I ever ate...highly recommend you give it a try. needed a mexican food fix . i had a chicken enchilada that filled the bill... The place has a big city vibe to it, but the service is as unpretentious as it gets.  I've been there twice now (both this week), once for cocktails, and went back three days later because I wanted to try their food.

The beverages:

I've ordered two manhattans, whatever the last drink on their  drink list was, and their own Copper Kettle draft.

You can get any of their whiskeys smoked with your choice of mesquite, apple wood, and like three other woods.  I prefer the apple wood, its not as heavy but flavorfull.  Note:  you will get ash in your drink, but it won't kill you.

I had one manhattan smoked and one not.  Their's are different here, they don't use bitters, nor cherries.  Instead they use orange zest in which they heat to bring the flavors out (very important) and a secret ingredient.  ( I was really suprised we i was told what it was, but you'll have to ask)

The signature drink i had was pretty tasty, but i'm not a sweet drink guy.

The beer was pretty good...Full Pint does their brewing so it can't be bad.


The Food:

I had a prime rib or steak sandwich with horseraddish and truffle fries.  The fries were great, but the gorganzola masks the truffle oil, and the sandwhich had great meat, but was missing the kick that i was hoping for from the horseraddish.  the bread was also really buttery so I would order something else with company.. We had a craving for cajun and found this place via Yelp!  So we decided to make the 30-minute drive and check out the hype.

Friendly staff!  Food was delicious!!  Price could have been a little bit better!

Between my wife, daughter, & I, the bill ended up being approximately $50 (inclusive of tip) for a late afternoon lunch.  I had the po' boy oysters w/sweet potato fries.  The wife ordered the oyster platter and small cup of gumbo, while my teen daughter settled for the chicken strips w/fries.  The oysters dishes were great and they are a must order, in my opinion.  The sides were all prepared well and complimented the meals perfectly.

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the price.  I think everything we ordered was worth the price tag except for the gumbo and chicken strips.  $5 for a small cup of gumbo and $10 for some chicken strips was, in my opinion again, a bit too much.  Everything else was reasonable for the portion sizes and tasty-ness experienced.

BOTTOM LINE - We'll be back for seconds; however, this can't be a regular place for us due to the cost.. So happy to have Angry Crab  close to home! First visit lived up to the other locations awesomeness! We'll be back often! 
Shrimp, snow Crab and sausage add-ins!. Best Greek restaurant in Vegas 
The sea food is out of this world. They have you choose a fresh fish and cook it right then and there for you. Grilled with a slight amount of oil, capers and lime. Wow!. 
Also had a chance to taste the filet Mignon. Incredible. Excellent wine selection. This place is a "must visit" if you are ever in Vegas. Highly recommended. Visiting from Denver for a little vacation and some golf with the wife. Unbelievable liquor selection...and excellent cigar choices as well! Customer service was the best I've ever had at any cigar lounge I've been to, hands down.  Please come to Denver and open a Magnum's there!!. We visited Tony's Pizza the other night for the first time.  You order at the counter and then seat yourself in their very large dining room and go pick up your order when it's ready.  Then you throw out your own trash and nobody cleans off the tables.  Why they have a tip jar and a spot for tips on their receipts is anyone's guess.  Seriously?  

Anyway, enough about my rant on thinking you deserve a tip for not doing any actual "serving" or "bussing."  We ordered a large pizza (19", I think?) for the kids, a stromboli, and a calzone.  What's the difference between a stromboli and a calzone, you ask?  A stromboli seems to be just like a pizza on the inside of a crusty pocket.  A calzone also comes in a crusty pocket, but doesn't have sauce inside (only on the side for dipping) and ricotta cheese.  

The pizza was humongous.  Each slice was this massive mini-pizza all by itself.   I sampled the pizza--it was pretty good.  Thin crust with some crisp on the bottom, and it also had just the right amount of cheese and sauce.  No skimping here.

The stromboli and calzone were huge, too, and both tasted fantastic.  They each made for two meals. They make good dough/crust at Tony's Pizza, and the fillings were amazing, too.  It's too bad they don't have more of a variety for strombolis and calzones.  There's one of each.  

We also tried the Fried Zucchini appetizer because I had heard from friends that they were good.  They were just okay.  A lot of batter and not much flavor/spices.  For the price and taste, I wouldn't get them again.

The atmosphere was very cafeteria-like, but since there's a LOT of seating, you can spread out throughout the dining room.

Would we return to Tony's?  You bet!  Great pizza and pizza-like products at great prices.  Just don't expect me to tip when you never leave your spot behind the counter.. What can I say? There's a reason it's one of the best known restaurants in Montreal, and even Canada. The food was fantastic, particularly the duck carpaccio, which was perhaps the biggest surprise of the night. While we expected great things from the entrees, this little starter was exceptional.

The mains themselves were very good, but nothing that blew either of us away. Just really well-executed dishes that perfectly suited the chilly Spring evening.. Ive been here now about 5 times.if you want Chinese.it doesnt get any better.seriously you have got to try this place.i cant say enough good things about it.AMAZING!!. My first visit and I was pleasantly surprised. The Shack caught my eye on a hot day out in Vegas and I am SOO glad I stopped! Growing up I was very fond of Snow cones or snowballs, Back home we call them Raspas and I love them ! The ice was so light and fluffy and the variety of flavors was really cool.  Staff was really nice and talkative and pretty informed about all of their products so that just added to the experience. I will definitely be back, pretty often actually. I can't wait to try every flavor and start mixing them up too!. Amazing mac n cheese, chimichurri steak, fries,  etc etc etc.  The food is AMAZING.  Patio seating is also awesome, with such a great view of the strip and fun people watching.  Patio heaters made it enjoyable for an otherwise cooler than normal evening in Vegas.

The walk up window for frozen hot chocolate, however, was disappointing.  I expected something like what is served in the restaurant, but the to-go version is pretty basic.  For the price, try it when you can take the time to get the proper version.. Best Mexican in Las Vegas and they serve strong Margaritas at a great price.  Good simple Mexican food...definitely not a Mundo(Mexican Fusion.). Phenomenal. Bacon Board -- delicious and plenty for 2 (or 3). Pulled pork with slaw on the sandwich was great and plentiful. I hate that I hadn't heard about this place sooner! Great food, great service.. Went back last Sunday for a longer hike. We went back to the same trail and went further. I think we did "DT" to "V" to "D". 
What I really like about the trails here is you can increase the difficulty if you want to, or keep on your same pace. 
My favorite local place to hike.. There are tons of locations throughout the valley, but to me, this is THE Long Wong's. Prices are substantially lower than other LW, and there's live music and a full bar. Wings or GTFO, order hot for some of the best you'll find anywhere. 

Did I mention this is really cheap yet good bar food? Additionally, the establishment is dark, and can either be social or intimate. Tons of character. I love the graffiti in the restroom. Would recommend for anyone who loves Tempe, but needs a break from Mill.. The food is standard Americanized Mexican but it is still very tasty. The chips were fresh and the salsa was flavorful but not hot. I had the enchiladas and my gf had the fish tacos, both of which were good.

All of the staff was very nice and helpful.  However the food took a long time to come out.. This is by FAR the best place to watch football (soccer) in Las Vegas, if you're looking for something more than the glitzy experiences offered by the sports bars on the strip. If you want to watch football with real football fans, to hoot and holler, then Crown and Anchor is your place. 

They have a ton of European beers on tap, and they serve traditional British and Irish fare on the menu. I like the Chip Butty because, really, where else are you going to get a french fry and butter sandwich? But that's essentially what you have here: a french fry and butter sandwich. 

Fans of all clubs can go here and have a good time; it isn't an Arsenal bar or a Man United Bar. It's a football bar. So if you're staying on the strip, take a taxi here and watch some football, whether you're with your mates or by yourself.. I stayed here for a week - and the cost is respectable for the duration of the week. The room size is decently sized with dual queen size beds. I had the deluxe room, and I picked whatever room was available during the check in process. I had a shared wall with a shared door - while I could hear people speaking, it was difficult to understand. I just drowned out the external noise with my laptop speakers. I did notice stains on my work chair - but I'm not going to complain too much about it. 

I just covered it with pillows to make the chair more ergonomic to work in. Without the pillows, the lack of ergonomics can be a concern for those who type a lot - it can become painful to the wrists or shoulders, or lower back if they are not aware of their body posture. The pillows does help out - but doesn't eliminate the problem. 

The curtain does block all of the external light from entering the room, perfect for when I need absolute darkness for sleeping. The AC works well and there's a small fridge and a safe. I used the fridge to keep drinks cold - never did test the freezer capability. I did notice the lack of conveniently located electric outlets.  

Seems that there were only one available in the most unusual spot, away from the work area, and away from any place to do any ironing. Speaking about ironing, the ironing board cover could be replaced - it's showing its age. 

There are a few Starbucks located in the area. I counted two indoors and one outside. This hotel is located next to a 24/7 Walgreens, perfect for those trips to acquire basic traveling necessities. 

The sound of the Siren show is annoying during the evening; the window could use better acoustic insulation. The noise from the hallway is noticeable - people in their drunken ways wondering through the hallways. Good thing I have ear plugs to remedy these noise issues. 

Overall, not a bad spot to stay in Vegas, and on The Strip as well. 

Tip: Check-in process is a total mess during after 11AM, or even 3pm, or even 5pm. There's lots of people checking in. Suggestion for this, plan to wait a while in the lobby, or just drop your stuff off at the Bell Desk, go amuse yourself in Vegas, and come back later, such as 7pm or 9pm.. Ok so they get busy and sometimes you have to wait
We have had both great and mediocre service
The good stuff, the food
Every pancake flavor is great, cremesicle, red velvet, lemon ricotta, to name a few
My favorite sweet creme crepes with or without fruit
Coffee is decent but everyone has their own taste when it comes to coffee
Is without a doubt a breakfast must try.. This is how I review an airline.
Five stars to get me to and back safely. Lose my luggage, lose a star. Late flight, lose two stars. Canceled flight lose tree stars.  Crash? You lose all your stars! You might even lose the whole review! But don't count on that. I always buckle up.
 I really had no problems with this airline, only that they charged me 25.00 extra to take my luggage. But most airlines do this now a days, I just wish everything was added to the original ticket. The plane was a little bit old , I could tell by the ashtrays on every seat and also the stewardesses, I think they came with the plane.
Besides that all the airlines are the same
Stewardess giving the safety instructions pointing at the emergency exits on every direction. I've heard it so many times my mind refuses to go trough it one more time. The song YMCA starts playing in my head while she does her hand  gestures  misspelling every word. Besides the chances of using the emergency exits in case of an emergency after takeoff are close to none. You make it or you don't.
 Me writing this review is a sign that I made it back and forth from my vacation with no problems. Would I use this airline again? Probably, but I don't pick airlines...I pick cheap tickets.. Sometimes I feel like I am a bit biased when I rave about the Clark County Shooting Complex having worked there in the past.  I make it seem like it is the only outdoor range in Southern Nevada that matters.  But the truth is Pro Gun Club is a top-notch facility too.  It some ways it is even better than CCSC.  You have a little more freedom here.  You aren't sharing a range with 100 other people who are all on a strict time schedule.  At Pro Gun Club you can shoot when you want and look at your target when you want.  At the utility range you can shoot rifles, pistols and shot guns while standing anywhere in the bay should you chose to go forward of the tables.  The one guideline, aside from safety rules, is that you cannot shoot your shot gun into the target stands.  Shoot those into the burm only so as not to totally destroy the target stand.  No problem.  My dad and I brought out a varied collection to test out and had a great time.  We shot for a while and then decided it was time to cool off.  So we drove up the hill to the main building and sat at the bar to have a couple of beers.  If that isn't your thing but you still want to take a load off, there is a fireside lounge to relax in.  This is a nice lodge like facility with great friendly staff.  It is a private club but they do allow the public to come in too.  It is well worth the drive outside of Las Vegas to be able to get in a good day of slinging lead down range.. Great mall with lots of stores and nice layout of the food court which is on the third floor... (not hard to locate as mentioned by others. just take the elevator or go from the side entrance outside up the escalators, which will take you right to the entrance). check out TACO MAKER great food if your looking for something different than those typical fast food chains like wendys, kfc, taco bell, etc.... Great as usual this a most for southern food. I always just trust the waitress (Liz and Christy) and their recommendations and the food is a blast! Not to mention the desserts. This is just a gem. Nice to see all the regulars eating.. Very good burger! I order the double turkey on whole wheat. It was cooked perfectly, not too dry, which is unusual. Cannot wait to come back. Also $3 draft on Tuesday!. This was a very good car buying experience.  I am a researcher by profession so I do a lot of research before I buy ANYTHING.  I read Consumer Reports, Cars.com, KBB, etc.  So I know what make, model and year I am looking for when I go tot the dealer.

I really appreciate the fact that my sales person had the same data, so the price negotiation was a non-event.  I compared their price to 50 prices on Cars.com and felt I got a good deal.  AAA's car buying consultant also agreed the price was good.. And KKB said the price was good.. I was sold.

My sales guy Reece was good.. No high pressure tactics or bait and switch.. It was a one stop shop where he did everything.  Most important, the dealer was not in my neighborhood so we did everything by email before I arrived Saturday.. Some salespeople don't like that but everyone is so busy these days its the only way to knock out the preliminary work such as financing, pictures of my trade in, etc...

My only complaint.. the car should have been detailed before delivery.  It was pretty clean but there was "prior owner" remains in some of the nooks and crannies. It was a used car, but it was also their flagship Limited edition.  

I would go back.. My favorite of all the Cirque shows on the strip! The spectacle of "O" is amazing, but the storyline, music and automated stages are what makes this one the ultimate show to see in Las Vegas. Especially now that the original battle finale has been restored; this show shouldn't be missed!. I love NY nails! John and Lanie are incredible! Their customer service is top notch, they're very hospitable. Call ahead to schedule an appointment. John shapes and styles your nails and they are to die for. I get compliments all the time! I've been a loyal customer since 2011.. Just had another great meal at Biaggi's.  Always a good meal.

Jared was our server and he was very personable and attentive.  Wife and I celebrated her 1st mothers day.  She had the chicken piatti (?), and I went low scale with the pepperoni and mushroom Stromboli.

The only thing that keeps it from a 5 star in my mind is the same menu for the past several years. I realize it is a chain though.  I shouldn't complain, I only go here once or twice a year.

Anyway, highly recommend it. Nice people and good food at fair to decent prices.. I stopped by here earlier today for lunch with my father.  We had been in the previous BBQ shop to grace this spot and enjoyed it so whenever I saw that a new one had opened up, we headed over to Brookline to give it a try.  The inside of the restaurant wasn't that much different than in its previous incarnation.  As soon as you walk in there is seating for about 20 or so people on the right with picnic plaid covering the tables and then there is a counter right in front of you.  Other than that this place has a cool feel to it as the walls have a distressed look and there are a number of older signs on the wall including a Coca-Cola sign that looks like it was used for target practice at one point in time.

For lunch I decided to order the special of the day which was the Sam and Ema brisket, pulled pork and coleslaw sandwich and for my side I decided on the mac and cheese.  My father ended up going with the pulled pork sandwich and at the last minute changed his side to the fries.  After only about a 10 minute wait, during which my father and I enjoyed watching the Price Is Right on the only TV in the restaurant, our food was brought out to us.  My meal came out first and the first thing that I noticed was how huge it was.  The sandwich was simply massive and I knew right away that it wasn't going to be easy to keep it on the bun.  That proved to be the only downfall of the sandwich as well because both the brisket and pulled pork were tender, moist and had a great smoky flavor to them.  The cole slaw was a nice addition as well as it gave the sandwich some extra moisture but that also caused the sandwich to collapse about half way through eating it and I ended up finishing it with my fork.  The sam.  Since the bun was fairly mushy and was not toasted at. The idea of a Hawaiian infused Mexican style eatery is genius.. It's like chipotle but with Hawaiian options. I always get the sea weed rice and the Kalua pig. It's some of the best I've ever had. Just the right amount of salt and flavor. I've tried a lot of Kalua pig around town and this is definitely the best! They have good salsa too. I like the mild pineapple one. A must try if you like Hawaiian food.. Bar tenders make speciality drinks. Tell them what you like and BAM! excellent krafts^ make what ever creation you want.  Great speak easy place in Vegas.  A must visit. Pretty up-market kind of place.  The drinks and food were inventive, well-prepared and well presented.  I had the cheapest entree possible at @16.95... the blackened fish tacos which were excellent!  Next time I have the coffee-crusted ribeye steak... I can't even imagine what that'd be like.

Only place in the country I've found a "Dark and Stormy" (Ginger Beer with Dark Rum). Easy to get in the caribbean.  Tommy Bahamas makes a specialty out of its rum collection and concoctions.. I took my 8 year old daughter to this show and she loved it! I enjoyed it also. For a nice afternoon show in Vegas on the strip this is a big thumbs up. We purchased tickets right before the show at the Harrah's box office. Purchase the full price VIP tickets and you get to enter the theater first and if you paid full price...front row for you! If you cannot afford $49 for a show in Vegas maybe you should rethink your vacation and get back to work.. One word, FANTASTIC!  So they took my favorite away, the Cuban.  I thought I'd need therapy, YES, it was that serious!  Then, I discovered the...WAIT FOR IT; this sandwich needs its own theme music, THE CHICKEN CHIPOTLE SANDWICH!  Excuse me; I need a moment - CLAUDE HAVE MERCY!  Don't get me started on the soups! 

You can order online and avoid the lunch lines by picking up your order straight from the alphabetically labeled "cubby", brilliant! 

Great food (always tastes fresh), great service, - Panera dot YEAH!. Short ribs were delicious - but get the cheese and bacon biscuits with apple butter. O. My. God.. For $35 per person you can come and recharge or have some drinks while waiting for your flight out of Las Vegas.

They do not have an American Airlines Admirals Club in Las Vegas so we needed to find an alternate location to relax and have a few refreshments. We walked in and were greeted with friendly smiles. Gave them our boarding passes and $70.

No hot food or snacks are offered here except for Cup of Noodles (beef or chicken). Plenty of quickie snacks: multiple flavored popcorn, fruits, pretzels, potato chips, cookies and trail mix.

But the unlimited drinks were really why we were here. The bartender kept the Hennessy and Coke coming. They had wine too but nothing that caught our attention. 

This place was a Godsend when after walking down the ramp to board we were told we were too early and that our flight was delayed. We headed back to The Club to continue keeping our drinks on.. I have been seeing Dr. Gilbertson for 5 years now.  He is very personable and easy to talk to. I am pleased with his staff and glad he was able to establish a successful partnership with Scottsdale Dental Studio.. Hay, we're talking about GOD here. Nuff said. Actually I can go on and on about HIM, but that's not what this review is about. In order for you to communicate with HIM effectively, you need to acknowledge him in the best possible place you can be. The Iglesia Ni Cristo (Church of Christ). 

Worship services are Sundays 7:30 am, 11 am, and 6 pm.
Thursday 6:30 am, 5:30 pm, and 8 pm.

There are also bible studies Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays usually about the same time (around 7-7:30). Please feel free to stop by to verify or call for more info. 

I encourage you to search for the truth.. Ate here yesterday with a friend for breakfast.  They had good friendly service and the food was very good also. I tried the Mexican Benedict and was impressed, It was original and had good flavor. My friend and I both really liked the potatoes they serve here, they were really good.  They serve a very good cup of coffee as well.
Parking can be annoying in this location but I went at an off time so I got a good space without any problems. It can be crowded at the rush times as there are many places right together.

 Overall I was very impressed and want to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.. I've been coming here since they opened. My favorite thing to eat is the Buffalo chicken sandwich in BBQ.. Nice find tonight. Watching a show with Thai food and then it was time to search Yelp. Right in our neighborhood was this place that delivered. Sorry, but 35 degrees outside and delivery sounded great. Our food arrived in quick order, piping hot and most of all, delicious.  Shrimp dumpling, spring rolls, fried rice, curry and a noodle dish. All were scrumptious. Really delicious. Entire family loved the meal. Nice job and delivery too!. I really like this place.  Built from the ground up, it's nice and fresh and clean.  Plenty of seats at the bar, lot's of TVs and the doors and windows all open up to the outside when the weather's nice.

I had the turkey rueben with fries for lunch.  It was made on toasted marble rye bread and was very tasty, indeed.  The bartender, Dawn, was great and I'll definitely be back.. It was a great experience.  My sister has been to the one in Munich and said it was exactly like it except in America.  The food was outstanding.  The staff was really attentive.  The entertainment was constant and on point.  The beer was great and german food was amazing.  Go for a event groups have a better time.. This is my favorite Hooters in Vegas.

Great place to watch the game or fight. I always sit at the bar and the bartenders are fun.

Food is always good and I'm never disappointed.. This is a very nice place to chill and hang out watch sports. They have full service bar and lots tables for large groups. I hear it gets crowded for sport games and on them weekend. Always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk.. Best burger in town by far. These are not your ordinary beef patties, this is quality meat and quality ingredients they use for toppings. No one even comes close. If you like burgers, this is the best place in the city by a long shot.. Not quite Brooklyn Bridge, but definitely worth a visit.  Menu is expanded from original but not too much.  Crust is the key here, once again close but no cigar!
What to order
Do's
Pepperoni Pizza-  spicy with curled edges!
Extra Sauce - crushed tomatoes in Brooklyn
Extra fresh basil - "trust me Joshua you'll know!"

Pesto Pizza - nice change

Calzone - red sauce with at least mushrooms

Dont's
Just one topping... Don't over think it!  At Grimaldi's less is more.  Go single topping on pizzas...focus on the simplicity of the pie!

It's not Mozza not even Pitfire but it is still damn good!. This review is for both the food and the cocktails. 

The food is good and should not be classified as bar food. The quality of the ingredients and the preparation make this a place worth eating.

You should come for the cocktails. If you like a good cocktail this is easily one of the best places in Vegas. They carry spirits and cordials that most bartenders haven't heard of. The preparation is generally spot on.

They have some stupid rules about splitting checks with large parties. That is enough to keep me from eating there in a large group ever again.. If I had friends visiting Phoenix, and they wanted some good food, regardless of locale, regardless of price, I'd take them to Rania's! The food here is so tasty you'll keep shaking your head back and forth, muttering "Wow, I can't believe how good this is!"  Be sure to start out with the samosas, either veggie or chicken, they're both incredible.. Nice atmosphere. Great place for drinks or a calm dining experience. Had the falafel. Was a little too crisp, but flavor was excellent. Will try something else the next time I go.. If I want to go to Mac's, it's not all that hard for me since there's one just up the road in Cornelius.  Just so happened that a friend wanted to meet at this location for some BBQ and brew so, we did.

Same menu same good, but definitely not the best in Charlotte, BBQ and ice cold beer.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with sides of slaw and onion rings.  All of it was good and you more than get your fill of food at Mac's.

Didn't try anything non BBQ at this location but have had salads, fish sandwich, burgers at the LKN version and enjoyed them so, assume they would be good here too.. I have been here 5 times. Not sure why people rate it less than 4 stars. Either way they have vegan, vegetarian, and normal menus. Very flavorful. The quinoa pancakes are a great healthy choice to breakfast.  Corn chowder is very good. My wife gets the vegan burger and says it's the best tasting vegan burger she has had. I love fresh healthy ingredients and this place has exactly that.. Went here for brunch on a Saturday. The line was very long. I think it took about 30 mins to get in, which is better than an average ride at Disneyland. So I can't really complain. 

The place is ultra modern and contemporary. I thought the service was a plus. Lots of different kinds of seats and like most buffets, the cuisine is vast with variety. I suggest coming here on a really empty stomach to get your money's worth. It was $41.99 for brunch, so pig out! 

I went to The Buffet at the Wynn and liked this one much better. Mostly because of their variety and service. So I'm kinda scratching my head as to why The Buffet at Wynn was voted best buffet in Vegas...but who cares. 

If your in Vegas...come here and u won't be disappointed.. I must admit I love this restaurant.  It is a prized dinner location for myself - with a beautiful and unique design stuck into the middle of Tivoli Village.  

The menu has been modified a few times since my first time in, drawn up by head chef Sosa.  You can tell he has creativity in stock, and is willing to make this restaurant one of his own inside of the city of Las Vegas.

I've had many of the menu items - from the brilliant duck, the risotto, and the kimchi fried rice.  Each was wonderful, and a welcome example of solid cooking.  The menu itself was also nicely designed, with unique cocktails and little quotes scrawled into the menu from famous writers (including many from the beats movement, like William S Burroughs).

Overall, this is a great place to go with friends or a date if you're looking for a gorgeous and unique dining experience within the city.  Afterwards, there are plenty of wine bars and social spots to head to within the village.. after a morning of errands, i met the wife here for our first try at America's taco shop. 

very simple. very good. the veggie quesadilla however was so basic, i was a bit surprised. it seemed like there was only lettuce and guac and that was it. we also had the bean burrito and the refried beans were more of a puree bean paste than anything else. it was messy eating but i still liked it. 

the ceviche was delicious. the sauce on the side was the fantastic and we practically licked the little cup clean. 

i hear they have a decent happy hour. we paid about 14 bucks between the 2 of us.. My wife and I went to check Full House bbq and we were not disappointed. The place is very clean and well organized. The service is very friendly. We ordered Surf and Turf and Kare Kare never knowing what to expect. To my surprise,  I ate it all. That's how good it was. The chef came out and introduced himself and found out he was a chef at Mandalay Bay Hotel. That explains the flavourful food and the excellent presentation of our food. My wife had to order more to go and ordered the siopao and palabok. Excellent choice. I was told that the boddle boat is good but it is serve for 4 people. We will try it next time. I need to try some more in the menu to give it a 5      but our overall experience is great with very reasonable price.. First visit this week to the new place in town, for the Badgers' Sweet Sixteen game.  Selection of tap brews is quite impressive.  TVs to see the game any direction you look. Lots of windows and very pleasant decor, very clean place. Service was very good, and the burger was excellent.. Love this place!

After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.

Can not complain about anything.. Decent sushi at an extremely good price. It's a very small shop so we took the rolls to go. For ~$38 we were able to get 5 rolls and 2 udons for dinner. The service was kind of slow at the time but I went with 5 other people who had separate orders. It probably isn't the best sushi in town but you can definitely satisfy a sushi craving given the low price and large rolls. We plan on going again.. Not to say that I'm a Mexican food expert, but I am from San Diego and have had more tacos than burgers. That being said, I am a big fan of Filibertos and it is on our weekly rotation of restaurants that we frequent. 

Great food,  friendly service and they are open early and stay open late. 

What's not to love?. Trendy lil hot spot especially for happy hour. I love the BIG BOOTHS. Myke FIT! Definitely Hawaiian Sized...Brah....Wait...not a hawaiian sized bra. But Brah...like brotha brah. Not like hold your hawaiian boobs bra. Nevermind. I haven't really had dinner here. But I did have the Satay. Very tasty. Not traditional. Slightly sweet. But flavorful. The sushi here is good too. Not like fresh off the boat that it's still moving good. But it's good portions. Like the spicy tuna. I tell the chef extra spicy. He knows what I'm talking about!  Oh yea set my tongue on fire baby!  Great place to socialize and it's really not as snobby as I thought. Much better than Roy's.  I was expecting an asian fusion place but they do a lot of traditional foods and add different asian influences....YUM.. i have to change my review after talking to bobby the general manager he turned me over to Vince who went out of his way to make us happy. Very pleased. My GF and i decided to give this place a shot and they did not disappoint! I got # tacos( Asada Alpastor and Adobada) all 3 were delicious! i also got some guacamole on the side it tasted very fresh! and no meal is complete with out a drink, i recommend their Horchata it is absolutely delicious!. This is a nice Marriott.  The layout is great with multple pools, and restaurants.  A good sized convention center for medium sized groups.  We got a good rate on the rooms with the group booking.  There is a spa and a good workout room.. My first meal in Squirrel Hill while looking for an apartment (I'm moving from out of town) was at Napoli Pizzeria.  When I walked in there were several EMTs by the door, so I figured the food would be good.  What EMT would go to a bad pizza place?  

At the entrance to the left is the counter with some of the pies waiting to be heated back up in the oven and to the right several coolers with drinks in bottles from beer to soda.  I ordered two slices of pepperoni, which came out pretty quickly.  

The staff was friendly and the pizza had just about the right ratio of crust to cheese to sauce.  It was greasy, but not too greasy (read just the way I like it).  On a cold day, it was the perfect hot thing for lunch and wasn't too pricey either.. I really like it, my favorite so far!. Firehouse is comfort food in that you know what to expect going in.  Its the same, yet different.  They are all nice, clean decor, friendly staff and fast service.  

I like its not like the others where you walk a line and have to deal with the "I don't know what I want" person in front of you.  Once ordered, it's made and delivered to your table.

I like the wall painting in each one depicts the local neighborhood and the fire house that serves that location.  

Each sandwich is fresh, hot and filled with the meats and condiments.  Not too much, not too little...  Great variety..

Being a fast food junkie, this is a nice diversion and I never had a bad experience.  Everyone is friendly and helpful and they are big on being clean!  ... I love this place!!...
service is always amazing, the food is good for the price and the beers of course! it's a perfect spot to go for Happy Hours or with some friends for a relaxed "pub" atmosphere dining at reasonable prices (specially if you go during HH) the portions are generous and you have hundreds of beers to choose from.

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!. Great place, great food,great atmosphere, amazing happy hour prices. I highly recommend the catfish tacos and the french dip! Definitely coming back soon!. Had. Fairly good experience minus the jackass that left his truck running all night. Shower rooms were nice and in good condition. Only downside was that in the private bathrooms there weren't any seat covers. Close enough to food choices.. I have been to Carrabba's at least 4 times and have taken food out two or three times. I normally will not eat at a chain. This place is just too good to be a chain. Good food, great service, clean, reasonably priced large portions - what not to like.. By far, the freshest, best tasting Mexican food around. I live on Mexican food and this is THE spot. Recommend the quesadilla with chipotle space and the taco salad with deep fried tortilla shell!. I really, really enjoyed this show.  We have seen all the big shows in Vegas, and this was my first small venue show.  It was so enjoyable.  I was entertained the whole way.  I enjoy artsy presentation, detailed costumes, storylines, etc.. in the big shows, but it's nice to just go watch very talented people do very neat things without long drawn out transitions or interludes.  This is one of the best values in Vegas in my opinion.. Great food and portion sizes. I will start out by saying I'm not really a big fan of Mexican food, but this place really impressed me. I was not really expecting anything too great when I walked in because of the small size of the restaurant. I was seated quickly and given tortilla chips with a variety of sauces. The chips were way better than the cheap packaged stuff you find at grocery stores. I liked the dark red spicy sauce. 

I ordered the Fajita Loca with ham, steak and bacon. I was pleasantly surprised by the ample portion and fresh meats and rice offered. The steak was flavorful and not too chewy unlike cheap "mock meats". Although I don't really like bell peppers, they were pretty good, and I finished all of them on my dish. 

The service is great with friendly and prompt staff, My order was taken quickly and I did not have to wait a long time to be served. One minor thing is that you don't get a spoon with your standard fork and knife. I did not really mind this, but you can probably ask to get a spoon if you really wanted one. Although some people say the place is too hot, I did not find it a problem when I went on July 3rd 2015(76 degrees F) 

Would definitely go again- 5 stars for the great food and reasonable prices.
Here is a pdf of their menu because I could not find it anywhere online: bit.ly/Huaraches-Moroleon-Menu (Hit the x button when Dropbox tells you to sign up). I've been to Piero's several times and have NEVER been disappointed. Whenever I'm there, I opt for a Veal dish. They're known for their Osso Buco, which is delicious. The bread is ok, nothing special, but they do have something called a Garbage Caesar Salad. If you like Caesar, this is awesome. It has shrimp, hearts of palm, and all kinds of other good stuff. It's a very warm atmosphere and I highly recommend it.. The food is awesome, the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe.. This place is always consistently good.  They obviously have a great beer selection on tap, but the food is also very good.  The jalapeno popper burger is awesome and something I've never seen anywhere else.  Service is always friendly and efficient.

And of course, you can get six-packs to go.. Recently, I had to visit Tempe and needed a clean, comfortable ride to and from Sky Harbor airport. I've been in taxis in other cities where the vehicle was dirty (Salt Lake City, for one) and the music on the radio wasn't even from our hemisphere! Plus, being seven feet tall, leg room was more the issue than the rate. Still, the black executive car that picked me up and dropped me off provided lots of extra leg room and comfort. I will be returning to the Phoenix area again soon and plan on calling Sun Devil Taxi each time. In fact, I put their number in my phone.  Happy New Year guys!. Needed a spring pin for my watchband.  I used to go to Walgreens or CVS but they've stopped carrying watchbands and don't have those small watch repair kits.
Looking for something in the hood, read a review of Burlands and stopped there on my way home.  
The folks couldn't be more pleasant.  Not only did he have the spring pins, he put it in and wouldn't charge me.
I know where I'm going when I need a real watch repair or just a watch battery or want to pick up some bling.. This is the nearest Greek restaurant to my apartment and I couldn't be happier with it. My girlfriend (One Review Stephanie) and I often get take out from here when looking to satisfy our gyro cravings. I also recommend the falafel.  It is $2.50 for a side order of four, but they'll even do a half order for only $1.25. Good deal. The serving sizes are very big and the gyros are stuffed to the max with meat. I've tried many of the dishes there and have never been disappointed. It is definitely our go-to place for Greek eats! The Greek Pita also offers many American options as well.. On my mission to find out where all the ornamental food in Vegas is. I stumble across Teriyaki Madness. WHEEE! I'm crazy! It's madness. Don't you know I'm loco.
Ok so this place is your signature fast food asian bowl joint. Guest starring Teriyaki Chicken and Beef. I usually get the spicy chicken. The portions are decent and food is pretty fresh. I like the flavors they use from fresh ingredients. This place is cool if you're dieting too! They have a low carb menu: where you can have Brown Rice instead of White. You can substitute stuff like Noodles instead of rice, Fried rice instead of white, Stir-Fry veggies instead of rice/salad, White meat instead of dark, etc...So yea ok I don't consider this fast food because it's not really processed! It's not fast food....it's convenient ;). Wow. Love it. The rumors are true. I went BACK in line for seconds.  The burgers a little smaller but taste great.  After a day/night of boozing in Vegas......it hit the spot.  I didn't have a shake as they serve beer so I got a beer in a souvenir SHAKE SHACK glow in the dark cup.  I did notice they don't stay open all night but didn't get ahold of what the hours were.  They were trying to close and people kept coming in.  Crinkle cut fries were very good as well.  Its not a fine dining establishment but the food is fast.....its greasy and its good.  I'll def head back to Shake Shack next time in Vegas. A good place to go. A local fixture in the borough. 

Opens early for the breakfast. Usually closes at 1 AM.

Has a full meal menu (including soup and desert) where you can eat for 10-12 dollars.. This place is nothing fancy but it's a great Vietnamese lunch spot with good spring rolls.  The lemon grass chicken, chicken curry and vegetable curry are all excellent.  Very affordable.. This place makes the best burrito. You can order it with pico de gallo, cheese, and hot sauce. The steak inside the burrito makes it so delicious. The restaurant is a little ways from the strip but it is worth the drive to eat here. The inside has tv with sports and tables and chairs. It is pretty small. The burrito again is the best though.. I met Will and Erin over a year ago when they started Bear Flag CrossFit in Fullerton, CA. They both cared about the clients that helped to make their CrossFit box in Fullerton a success and there is no reason to believe that their new adventure, CrossFit Black Storm, will not be the same. Both Will and Erin are strong coaches and motivators to help you get in the best shape of your life!! Just keep moving!! Be healthy.. Went here for a dinner based on a recommendation from a good friend. We were on our way to a Vegas show, so had to make it a relatively fast dinner. We told our server and he was VERY accommodating. 

Had a cheese/honey/pear small dish to get us started. We had octopus and mixed green salad for starters. The octopus is to die for, it is amazing. The mixed green salad was huge and very good. For the main course I choose lamb chops (was warned that the medallions are small and served with the fat). My partner had the marinated ribs. The ribs were fantastic and the lamb did not have a lot of meat, as they warned me. The food was very tasty and very well prepared. Next time I am going to choose another dish, but I was warned. They had us out of there is 55 minutes. The ambience, the service, the food and the experience was nothing short of excellent. Certainly going back next time we are in Vegas.. Great job on the remodeling, folks! It's better than new. I took the twins there today. It was well worth it.  If you and your kids love science and nature museums, this is Charlotte's finest. 

There is a nice blend of new, updated, and old exhibits. The rainforest exhibit is awesome. The 3D sharks movie is great, too! We caught the IMAX movie about aviation, which is, if you can get beyond the fact that it's sort of a documercial for the Boeing 787, totally worth seeing... at $8 for adults, $7 for kids, less the discount for going to the museum at the same time.

We didn't attend any of the several live demonstration/lectures that were going on around us, but they looked interesting. My kids were more interested in hands-on, kinetic features, and there are plenty to be experienced!

There are many interactive exhibits for kids of all ages to get lost in. We stayed until they (almost) tossed us out. 

Take some food money. The canteen has some relatively healthy sandwiches and salads, but a limited selection, and nothing to write home about. Hey, this is a place for kids, so there are way too many American snack foods and candies there, but at least they recycle most of their trash and garbage...

Be sure to get there and plan to spend most of the day, if you have kids who like nature and science. If you really, *really* like it, consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year, but probably would have to go three times to justify the one year membership.. Huge beer selection that they are famous for, and the staff are always friendly helpful and attentive. Definitely one of my go-to places! The HTB burger and sweet potato fries are awesome you won't be sorry if you stop by.. Sorry Mr. Lee's. So much better. 

I think it is new owner's - was not as good as I remember in the past.. As a self proclaimed beer snob, I love to try any new and off the wall beer that I can get my hands on.  Tenaya Creek is one of the best places in town to do just that!

Aside from their standard collection of brewed on site beer, Tenaya Creek always features a few seasonals.  You can find everything from an oatmeal stout to a double IPA, depending on the season.  They also carry rarer beers on tap from breweries such as Sierra Nevada, Stone, New Belgium, Rogue, North Coast, etc.

If you're looking for Budweiser, this isn't the place to go. However,  if you want a quality beer at a great price, I'd advise anyone to stop in and give it a try.  In fact, if you're looking for Budweiser, go to Tenaya Creek and have their high quality Pilsner instead.  Your taste buds will thank you!. One of my favorite pizza places in town. Have never had anything but good experiences and delicious food. Getting hungry right now thinking about the food! I always recommend them to my friends.. As others have stated, Dream Racing is a first class operation the whole way.   

My buddy and I decided we wanted to try this.   So, he reserved online and I just went there and got the same deal in person.   Yeah, I risked them not having an open spot for me, but I am happy they were able to get me in to the same session.   There were 5 of us altogether.   My buddy and I both opted for the Corvette, two guys were in the Mclaren and another guy in the Lambo.  

Finding the place was simple, there are signs everywhere for it.   We arrived early and checked in.   They have a very nice lounge to relax before they start your experience.   When the time came, our hostess brought us to a class room where an instructor showed us a video and reviewed some of the basics of how to take a turn.   This was done in a very professional way, no one was talked down to or made to feel like they didn't know what they should be doing.  The instructor strived to make it a learning experience as well as an enjoyable experience.  

After the short classroom session we were taken to simulators.   Ok, I am not a gamer and I have never liked simulators.   We each took a turn in the simulator watching each other and learning from each other and the instructor.   If you are choose to come here, don't get discouraged on the simulator.  During my simulator run, I blew the engine, went in the gravel and I think I may have totalled the car.   Don't worry about any of that.   Driving the car is much easier than the simulator.   

After we all had turns in the simulator we were taken to the cars.   They only allow two cars out on the track at a time.   I suggested my buddy take his turn in the corevette first.   But before we could get started, someone on the track went in to the gravel and kicked rocks all over the track.   They stopped everyone while they cleaned the track.   We had a nice shady spot to sit in comfy chairs and cool water to drink.   (Yes, they really strive to make this enjoyable.)   My buddy got his helmet sock and helmet on and he went out there.   While I was waiting for him, I stood by and watched what I could.   Soon it was my turn to get ready.   The hostess gave me a headsock and a helmet.   She even helped me get the helmet adjusted properly.    (I've been riding motorcycles for a long time, so I'm very familiar but I went along because she was being very helpful.)   Heck, she even held back the sides of the headsock so I could get my sunglasses back on.   (Like I said, classy operation.)

Finally, it was my turn.   My buddy brought the car in to the pits, he hoped out and I hoped in.   A pit crew member made sure the seat was adjusted properly and the seat belt was secure.   He also plugged in the intercom so I could hear the instructor in the car with me.   This was my very first time going on a track and I told him so.   He said ok, let's just see how fast we can go.   The first lap he gave me the chance to learn the car and track.   On the subsequent laps, he kept giving me advise on where I can go faster.   And, over the next few laps, I knew I kept getting much faster.   (Heck, I even lapped the Mclaren!)   The in car instructor was super helpful, and encouraging.   

After the run, I bought the in car video and realized I had more areas where I could have gone faster.   But I did notice a huge improvement between the 1st and 5th lap.  

Would I go again?   Yes I would.   Like I said, this is a class act and they'll do everything they can to make your experience enjoyable.   Well done folks!. The food is good for the price but the service this time was not so good. We waited over 5 minutes just to get menus and I had to raise my voice for some one to notice me and another patron who was already eating handed me a menu before the restaurant handed us menus. I hope the next time I go back the service is better.. Employees were very sweet to my kids.  Great food and clean atmosphere.   Bathrooms were clean.. Part of me is happy that I have found another bakery that does not use soy in their goods. A part of me also wishes to see my friend drop over. I kid... most of the time.

If you have a soy allergy then this place places uses canola oil instead of vegetable or soy. 

Upon entering, we were greeted with a warm smile and baked goods to try. Today, the samples were elephant's ear and a spongy cake. Both were delicious, but the extra sampling of their special raisin walnut rugelach. The soft texture and moist dough was enough incentive to pick up a dozen of another flavor. Don't get me wrong, the one we ate was as great, but the chocolate were too tempting to pass up. The purchase of a monster rice crispy brownie hybrid. This concoction was on the dry side and difficult to cut into. The taste was there, just the execution could have been better. The total for all of this was less than $6. Win in the baked good world. They also enjoy dipping many random items in chocolate. Looking at the display case there are tortilla and potato chips available. I won't knock it since sweet and salty tend to be a magnificent combination. 

The service is something to rave about. The owner(?) came out to talk to use about what goes into each of his items. An amazing 90% of the ingredients are made in house including infused oils and sugars.. Overall it has a good selection of traditional American food with some hints of other great styles.  The best part is they are open late.  The only place in town if you want to sit down after 9pm and get good food!  Lots of TVs - great for sports enthusiasts.. If you love crab legs this is the place to go, only reason I gave 4 stars is because of the beverage price for a soft drink it's almost $6.00 but overall great place.. I had totally forgotten about this chain until I headed out to Best Buy and found it.  Everything is fresh, a million different ways to make a salad, homemade soup and bread, and blueberry green tea...yum!  It really hit the spot when I wasn't feeling a greasy carbo-loaded lunch.  All-you-can-eat for under $10; that right there is 3 stars alone.. OMG, the Octopus!! By golly, have the octopus!!! Still dreaming about the octo... well, you get the idea! The lunch special, under $25, is unimaginable in Las Vegas, but there it is! Do NOT miss this amazing experience and make sure you have the wine pairing for a few extra bucks! Oh, did I mention the grilled octopus?!?!. I got the almond croissant with a cappuccino first time. Both were excellent. I just wish the takeout coffee was bigger. I also came here a second time and tried their brunch. It was excellent and the price was great! I got coffee, a croissant and french toast with eggs benedict for $18!! Everything was excellent.. Everything was perfect. The service, the ambiance, the wine and the food. Dishes with amazing flavor and presentation. Will definitely come back for more!. Not a bad place of been in Ballantyne forever.
One of the original Ballin time hotspots you kick around here decent wings very good beer and the staff is decent parking can be a bad.. My first time dining at this particular Mastro's and they did not disappoint. It was restaurant week but our group went and ordered our own stuff anyways. Yeah, this's place is that good hahha


Food Tried: 
Pretzel Bread - like a soft, warm, perfectly salted pretzel. 
Lobster Mash - delish
Mushrooms - I love these tasty mushrooms
Spinach - not a big fan of spinach but Mastro's does it right 
12 oz bone in filet - cooked just right. Med rare and awesome

Service: Great. Attentive and courteous. My friend couldn't finish his 22oz rib eye and asked to take the rest to go. They accidentally tossed it but went out of their way to make up for it. Our group was dressed casually and I can imagine some lesser establishments not giving us this type of great service based just on this alone.. LOVE this place.  Fish sandwiches are great.  Visiting Pittsburgh for the month and went there for the first time yesterday and am going to go back today!!!. Like Avis used to, they try harder. Stayed open late, provided nice car.. Old school doesn't quite do this place justice.  How about, old school to the Nth degree?  Yep, that does it.  A group of friends and I met for dinner and drinks this week and of the 4 of us, 3 of us raved and one was kind of meh.  That's what she gets for ordering fish at a place called Beef and Bottle I guess :)

I went with a cup of French Onion soup to start and had a combo small filet and fried shrimp for the entree with onion rings for the side.  All entrees come with a salad which is a plate of iceberg and then another plate for the table to share with onions, peppers, cherry tomatos, celery, cucumbers....  The dressings are homemade and I went with the blue cheese which was a mighty fine choice.  The soup was good, not too salty and had a crunchy, melty topping of cheese on top.  I was wishing I had gone with a bowl vs. a cup!  My steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare with a decent char and had good but not great flavor.  Next time I'll opt for a NY Strip I think.  The fried shrimp were also good but not great with a decent taste but they were a little dry.

We happened to show up on half-price wine night and it applied to both bottles and glasses which was nice.  They don't have an extensive wine list by any stretch but, it's serviceable.  What we all liked the best was the atmosphere.  Dark, with little candles casting just enough light to read the menu and see your food while still allowing us all to look about 15 years younger.  The service was casual and friendly and fit the place perfectly and the joint was packed almost the entire time we were there and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.

Not even close to the best steak I've had in Charlotte but, that's not everything in a meal.  No doubt that I will come back.. Matt's Big Breakfast is my favorite breakfast place of all time.  The food is super-fresh and super-delicious.  The service has always been extremely fast and friendly, which is amazing given how busy the place always is.  The only downside is that there's always a wait to get in.. This place has changed names twice in the last 2 years and i was curious about the new arrangement. I must say the decor is improved over the past, and the food, service and thai iced tea are all still excellent! Its still byob as well. Only bummer is no buffet on saturdays!. Must respect the Donuts!!!. Its been a while since I have been here but we decided to try it again.  The prices were very impressive to start with.

We ordered the Grilled Artichoke and the Wings for appetizers and they were AMAZING.  The Artichoke alone was enough to fill you up.  It was seasoned exceptionally well and the taste was out of this world.  

The wings are a very popular dish as I saw several coming out of the kitchen and just based on those two items, it was enough to bring me back.  BUT WAIT.

We had the shrimp and scallops which were not bad but the Ribey was awesome.  The butter they put on the Ribeye along with the seasoning and the cooked to perfection the way you order it, this dish was worth way more then what they charged for it.  I have paid more money for less quality and worse tasting Ribeye's and this place was over the top.

This is the a new favorite for us as the drinks were good as well, those were a little more pricey then your average place, however they are not skimpy on the alcohol at all.

They do have music in the bar Tuesday through Sunday and happy hour until 7pm seven days a week, so how can you go wrong.  Curtis Davis a guitar player was playing on Friday night, normally there on Saturday, he was AMAZING.  

This place is worth a visit over and over again as the food was AMAZING, the staff were very warm and friendly and it was a great experience.  We will be back, YES and YES....

There is one side note here:  They offer cauliflower mash HOWEVER, it is not 100% cauliflower so IT IS NOT LOW CARB.  They use a 50/50 blend of cauliflower and potatoes.  When we inquired as to why, the server said it was the Corporate Chefs decision and the local on site chefs are NOT ALLOWED to change it even if they want to.

This is a BAD policy as there are people who are low carb and cannot eat potatoes but can eat cauliflower and it can be made to taste amazing without using potatoes.  If the Corporate Chef should have a question as to how to make this dish amazing without potato, contact me and I will let you know how.  This was the ONLY disappointment of the evening.. OH MY GAWD! I've been to a lot of spas and gotten plenty on massages...nothing like this! AMAZING!! I can't even explain everything that happened! Never had a Thai massage before but my friends and I will definitely be back for more!. First rate tour of the vegas strip and red rock canyon!  Our guide, Buck, made the trip 5 stars.  His knowledge of the history of vegas as well as his ability to teach us about the geology and flora of the canyon was surpassed only by his enthusiasm for his job and storytelling abilities!  We had a great 2 for 1 deal on groupon which made this tour just about the only reasonably priced thing in vegas!. Where else but Uptown could you get huge homemade biscotti for $2 and Hungarian-language lessons for free?  I noticed that the sugar container said "Sugar", and also "Azucar" (Spanish), and... "Cukar".  I asked if that was Turkish.  No, said the cute guy behind the counter, that's Hungarian.  (Turkish would have been "seker", I learned later.)

I know only one phrase in Hungarian, I said: "Halvány fogalmam sincs".  He smiled and said it in English: "I have no idea."  A useful phrase to know, he agreed.

The coffee drinks here are simple but good.  The names are fanciful; espresso with milk and a Torani shot is an "Elizabethan".  Dunking your biscotti into a good coffee, however, is an Uptown pleasure that will cost you surprisingly little -- and the sidewalk tables are a great way to add some Mt. Lebanon ambience.. Yummy... with awesome guac (I'll be back just for the gauc alone)  Made tableside and just they way you want it.  The rest of the food was good, but nothing to write home about.. My favorite Japanese restaurant!
 This being my second adventure here I was just as impressed as the 1st time. My move here is to order tapas style and share. So I order 3-4 dishes, finish them and order another 3-4, and repeat the process until I can't eat another bite. All while sucking down sake. 
 I love the variety of dishes available. Ordering items from the Robata grill is a must. They serve you small portions of delicious meats and veggies that have been cooked over a charcoal grill (try the pork and shisito peppers...trust me). And the sushi (overpriced....but it' vegas) is very fresh and imaginative. The entrees are also great, the miso cod is unreal. 
 This is a genre that is becoming one of my favorites and this place delivers a great variety of tasty treats in a fun atmosphere.. Two visits to this restaurant in the last two months.  I am by no means an avid sushi connoisseur, but we do seem to make it out to a sushi bar about once a month.

The first visit was a no-holds-barred, someone-else-got-the-tab lunch with a group of friends.  We ate, and we ate well.  Rolls, salads, appetizers, all the way from a lowly California Roll to a few of those stuffed and baked lobster tails...it was QUITE amazing.  Other reviews of the restaurant are accurate as well in terms of pricing - this place is definitely a little on the higher side.  The drinks are pricey, unless you go to happy hour.  Which brings me to tonight...

We decided to stop in and hit up the happy hour pricing, but when we arrived (Saturday at 5PM).  The nice hostess politely informed us that there is no happy hour on Saturday.  I observed the other SIX customers, and thought: Stingray is missing out here.  My wife smiled and said no thanks.  

Then we got in the car and drive to Sushi Brokers a mile away, as they have 7-day happy hour specials and great food.  The parking lot was jam-packed, the bar was nearly full, and we got the last table in the restaurant...at 5:05 PM.

Stingray: your food is great, BUT YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG!!. I came here with my family Saturday morning for breakfast because I craved something delicious and I honestly didn't want to cook. 

We arrived to a very busy place, just as I expected. However, the wait time wasn't bad at all.

My wife had the chicken fried steak. It was a generous portion that actually caught my interest. Unfortunately for me, there was no going near her plate.

I had the huevos rancheros with the diced potatoes. I will say that the diced potatoes are much better than their hash browns. The meal overall was very well done and I cleaned the plate. 

I won't go into the Mickey pancake my daughter had because it is a pancake. However the bacon she had on the side with it was off. I can't put my finger on it exactly, but something about it didn't seem right. None of us had more than a bite of it.

Overall this is a great breakfast place and we will return.. Best sushi I have had in AZ, the presentation was spectacular and the food was awesome! We had the Phoenix roll, crazy salmon roll and the golden dragon roll and they were all amazing.I will be going back for sure.. best car rental company in las vegas.  from counter to in my car in less thah five minutes. reserved a full size car had three to chose from choose a ford focus. car was clean and only had 7000 miles. return was even faster in and out of the return counter in two minutes. staff was friendly and helpful as always.. I would rate this place higher if I got to eat here. Unfortunately I missed out. Real beers, real selection for wine and spirits as well. The live music blows any Mill Bar out of the water. This place should be more of a relaxer then say, meet up with people becuase it will be loud. Go next door for that. Sit, drink and listen to music... This is your song!. Sushi Friday's spent here, very fresh tasty fish and a wide variety. Chefs are great, always yummy.. I took my 2006 Nissan Titan to have the Catalyst converter looked at. I was quoted from a competitor over $1500 to replace it. They fixed it for less than half that!!! Jake was awesome and very knowledgable. He did great work on it and I couldn't be happier. This is a Christian based business. Trust me you don't want to go anywhere else.. Poppy's is a great authentic NY style deli and bagel shop.  The bagels are undoubtedly some of the best, if not the best in the area.  I've never had lunch here, but all the pasta/potato salads among other cold items in the glass display look really good.  Everything bagel with lox all the way and a large coffee is my order. I don't switch it up often.. I love to dine at Claim Jumpers; in other cities but the Bay Area. For some apparent reason- the foods and drinks taste a lot better, the service is more professionally efficient and the restaurants are a lot nicer from other CJ's locations than the Fremont and Concord, CA locations. Maybe it's me, I don't know!

This Claim Jumper is located (dead-center) in the outdoor Town Square shopping complex

As a high-volume eater, I love the amount of food offers to us. I also love the lunch items at Claim Jumper including the appetizers and the French Onion Soup. That hearty soup is also a pretty good size too.

For lunch, I had a pair of one of  my personal favorites; the Caesar Salad and Chicken Fingers. The $10.95 poultry dish has five boneless breast battered to a golden brown. I also get a choice of dipping sauce, in which I chose the Bleu Cheese.  And the $6.95 Caesar Salad was tasty with salad dressing and the colorful green color of the Romaine lettuce. 

My salad: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=DB-rVyekCYtrN03DP04YOg

My chicken fingers: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=J5I8LRVYbemBdph4mHJdNA

I also had a glass of Arnold Palmer (1/2 Lemonade & 1/2 Iced Tea) with free refills too. What a refreshing way to beat the desert heat!

My drink:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=rdK6ulY-Eutca40HxQs8LQ

While my food were being prepared, complimentary dish of buttery popcorn were serve. I can smell even the popcorn popper all over the facility. The popcorn also tasted good in my salad too. You should try that/ 

Popcorn: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=xBfvl0agZUXeadGhxsSmOw

I had a great seat in a booth right across from the bar where I can watch ESPN and CNN on the TV at the bar. Also Ernesto, the hustling bartender/waiter, took my order and serving my needs. 

My seat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=-qApaquDlMupSBQltdpL2w

The restaurant were also playing musics from the 80's, including Duran Duran's "Hungry like the Wolf." Indeed, my appetite was like a wolf.  

My experience from this location is a positive one.  The only downfall is that the dessert case is smaller than the other locations. Just the perfect size to display the monsterous "Motherlode Cake.". So....we purchased a new house and we needed a U-Haul to move all our stuff.  Thank goodness we were only moving a block or two away from where we used to live.  Multiple smaller trips would be in order.  I picked up a 15 foot truck for a 24 hour period.  Cost was $29.99 and then .89 cents a mile I believe.  Total cost out the door including $11.00 in gas that I had to put in, was around $72.00.  Not bad...not bad at all.  Service was very friendly and pick up and return was seamless.  I will definitely use this particular U-Haul again when the right situation presents itself.. I locked myself in the car and they showed up in no less than 10min to save the day!! Nick was super chill and I recommend them to anybody in Old Town Scottsdale!!. This is the only sushi bar in town that I know of that offers all you can order sashimi which I take advantage of often. However, if you're looking for a big variety of rolls and creative sushi creations then I would suggest going somewhere else.. I'd been wanting to try this place for a while, and I finally was able to drag the wife there on a not-too-busy Friday night.

The #2 was quite good - have to love prosciutto on a burger - then adding pesto, well, that's MY burger. Get yer own.  Cooked to a perfect medium-rare as ordered as was the wife's medium-well version of #3 (green chile, jack, chipotle, hold-the-avocado). The burgers are Plenty Big - go easy on the sides unless you are starving. 

Speaking of sides, the onion rings and sweet potato fries were both very nicely done - not greasy, and very hot! I tried the Guinness milkshake, which while good, is not something I need to get again. The Guinness lent a hint of greater depth than just a regular chocolate shake, and was fun for the novelty, but not enough of a difference to repeat. The wife's strawberry shake was VERY good, and probably the way I'll go next time. The shakes are provided with the mixing cup - so you actually have two full servings worth (might split one for two people)!

As for the overall ambiance, we enjoyed the decor with the French wallpaper (I think of toile as having pastoral scenes, and this was just patterned - but nice), the semi-dim lighting, metallic ceiling and general decor.  The only thing to detract was the screeching metal music playing. I don't mind contrasts - but this was discordant.

The value was alright - we expected premium prices for the premium burgers, and will return, I just doubt it will sit high in the rotation.. You want a fusion of Korean and Mexican food at an outrageously reasonable (almost feel guilty it's so inexpensive) price?  Komex is the place!  When you are seated, they give you chips and salsa/guacamole.  You can tell the chips are homemade, and not store bought.  I ordered the Bulgogi Burrito and Fusion taco with green tea.  The taco was very tasty.  The meat is sweet and combined well with the coolness of the slaw.  They have their own Kimchee salsa that goes very well with it.  The Burrito was Huge.  I always finish my food, but I could only eat 1/2 the burrito.  Again, the meat was sweet and mixed well with the spanish rice and Kimchee salsa.  The entire bill was only $8.50!  The burrito was under $5, the taco was $1.35 (or something like that).  Well worth the price and well worth the trip.  The owner was extremely nice and the service was great.  Try it if you are in that part of town.. We've stayed here many times and it is always superb. People think that it's expensive - and it can be, but in the off-season, we get deals for $119. a night! Quiet and classy, we always like returning here, especially after being in the noisier hotels. In the summer, the pools are outstanding, and the gym is tops year around.. Yumm, had a salami 10" pizza and a coke for 5 bucks wow! And it was great!  Just like the east coast stuff! Tried the pepperoni was great as well. This was my second try here, got the boars head turkey sandwich first time was great!. Reviewing the restaurant. Food was absolutely a surprise. The chicken thigh special was killer, and the beer selection was phenomenal. Oh and the price was dirt cheap.. Great place in the old downtown area of Las Vegas. Great selection of delicious thai food at great prices. Loved the short rib fried rice, the 3 flavor curry and the drunken noodles. Definitely going back when I get a chance and will take anyone who loves good thai food.. I attend one of the morning group classes and Chris is fantastic at managing my workout needs. The class will usually do warm-ups as group, maybe some group drills, but then he often segments everyone out based on our focus. I am constantly impressed with how well he remembers everyone's needs. 

While Chris may arrive late to a few classes every now and again the instances are rare and he communicates with everyone in the class directly via text messages so we can make the most out of my morning workout, or snooze button.. Space Age Paint is hard core and I'll leave it at that. :). Fun that just never get's old - Stop by the Union today. My air conditioner had gone out at home and needed a place to sleep cool for the night. I *really* liked this place. For the price of a Motel 6, my two-bed room was furnished with a decent HDTV with HD cable (it's about time a hotel caught up to the 21st century!), and the walls and refurbishings looked and felt very new and well-kept. The air conditioner was managed by a dedicated wall thermostat and was nice and cool. I was also glad that they accept pets, I have two cats and I wanted to keep them cool, too. (I decided to leave them home, but it was a relief to know I had the option. I found this hotel looking for a pet-friendly hotel.)

My only complaint is that they really need to put a sign in front of the elevator that reads, "Please courteously keep other people sleeping in mind," and perhaps have a monitored security camera with a mic, and then ask people to quiet down if they are being disrespectful to those who are sleeping. I was in room 302 last night and was RUDELY awakened by MULTIPLE door slams and loud jabbering at 2:30 AM as a family or group made multiple trips unloading their car, repeatedly walking away from their door left wide open as it slammed shut and even shook the walls. There needs to be accountability for this sort of thing, and it is certainly the hotel's problem because if these are the kind of people the hotel is going to lure and the hotel wants it that way then STAY AWAY from this hotel.. Bosa Donuts is easily my family's favorite local donut shop. From their Boston cream donuts to their apple and cherry fritters, these donuts are the best!. Aye was pretty good. Fish was fresh rolls were tasty. Not the best spicy scallop I've had as I didn't care for the white sauce. Service was pretty fast and friendly. Nice find!. Very good place to me anyway. Very authentic Mexican dishes offered plus the usual expected type items on the menu and presented very nicely, brightly colored room, very clean with fast service and super, super friendly staff that are sincerely glad you came. Very much worth trying if you really love Mexican food and fantastic Margaritas.. I can start by saying this place is expensive - very expensive. But unlike most places I've been in Vegas, I felt the value was there even compared to top steakhouses in places like San Francisco, New York and Omaha. (Yes, Omaha).

The service was impeccable. What really set it apart for me is when I was looking for a spot to set down an empty appetizer tray and the sommelier - not a busser or waiter - grabbed it and bussed it. Really impressive.

All the food was up to the highest steakhouse standards. I didn't spring for Kobe beef but I didn't regret that. My steak was excellent and cooked as ordered.

We had a large group, ~18, and they did a great job accommodating us at two neighboring tables.. Always come here for their chir dashi donburri. Best in town! I recommend this place to everyone who likes good quality fish.. "Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!" - Harry

Long Horn read my Yelp review from our last visit and actually contacted me, apologized for the less than desirable experience, and sent me a gift card.  

Jen and I went to the Long Horn on Alma School in Mesa this time for lunch on a Saturday. Just a little after noon we pulled in and the parking lot had barely a few cars which made me wary because when restaurants are slow is when staff gets "out of the zone" and makes mistakes. 

The door was opened for us by the time we walked to the entrance and we were promptly seated. Our server Carlos greeted us shortly. We order the stuffed mushrooms for an app and although we haven't had a bad batch there yet, these were still impressive. Big long plate of shrooms covered in cheese to spare. I even scooped some up to put on my buttered sour dough bread complimentary to every table. Jen ordered a sirloin and I ordered the filet and lobster. Our steaks were perfect. Check out the pics each side is perfectly symmetrical and a perfect medium rare. Not overly seasoned, just right. The loaded mashed potatoes I had as one of my sides were probably the best I have had anywhere since I can't  remember when. Jen is a big asparagus fan and even I could tell the quality of her side was top notch. Thick and green even after being cooked perfectly which just enough crunch left in them.  We ordered the Apple Goldrush for dessert which is best explained as your typical apple pie and ice cream dessert; although not so typical. Miserably full, Jen and I almost polished off the entire dessert it was so good, almost. It could have easily fed four.  The crust was amazing. The pics don't do it justice because we tore into it right away but it's presentation was equal to it's taste.

Highlight of the whole meal was our server Carlos. He was friendly, personable, and spot on with timing.  Hopefully he is in some type of training position to train other servers.  Also, somebody figure out who was working the cook line today and give them a raise.. The slightly overpriced Mexican Benedict definitely fulfilled every tastebud craving. The portion was just right, and I ate it all without feeling overwhelmed afterwards. The service was good and the ambient was great!! Good music. Perfect decor. Quite satisfying.. I went one morning after craving some great breakfast food and i came across Benedict's Cafe on Yelp and figured i would give it a try because of the great reviews. Upon arrival Benedict's impressed me. It is a quaint little place with a few tables inside and a few outside, just enough to have everyone sit down and enjoy their food or an iced coffee/tea. We entered and they have great decor with a nice pastry display and lemon water for guests. The staff was wonderful, there was one employee who was there along with who i believed was the owner. She was extremely nice and accommodating making recommendations and helping in any way she could.

As for the food, we orded the berry crepes, breakfast burrito, an order of fresh fruit and some iced coffee and tea. First off the french roast was outstanding some of the best coffee in the scottsdale area. The crepes were amazing with fresh strawberries and a light creme that was just the perfect mix to fill the crepe. The breakfast burrito was a great portion without being too filling but just the right size.The tortilla was fresh and lightly flaky and the rest of the burrito was filled with fresh eggs and it wasn't greasy yet it was still moist and delicious. The fruit was also fresh and delicious with a great variety of fruit. The other thing was that though they were small and somewhat busy they still brought out the food in a timely manor.

Overall, this was an amazing find and i wil be going back often. I just hope they can handle all the people I will be recommending.. J'ai bien aimé mais j'imagine que je ne suis pas le seul à se dire: À quand l'agrandissement? Je crois que c'est une place qui doit avoir un méga succès parce qu'il n'y a simplement pas d'autres bar à grilled cheese à Montréal. C'est un marché intouché et un concept qui depend principalement de 2 produits: La qualité du pain et celle du fromage. Quand à ce qui est ajouté dans ton grilled cheese c'est vraiment quelque chose qui peut changer dépendemment des saisons. 5$ la bière, 8-9$ le grilled cheese; un repas à moins de 20$, il y en a pas des tonnes qui soient aussi original qu'un Grilled cheese au Migneron et courge butternut.  Chèvre et pain au raisin, une combinaison parfaite. Servit avec une petite salade, c'est très bien. Ils ont un DJ qui mettaient de la musique ambiante. Maintenant, je dois admettre être un fan de musique électro, et même de la musique ambiante mais c'était juste pas dans mon style musical ce qui jouait. Il y avait définitivement une clientèle estudiantines et même des amateurs moyen de Grilled Cheese de luxe. J'y suis allé l'Esprit un peu sceptique et j'en ressors néanmoins plus curieux de poussé le concept à d'autres niveaux. 

I must start, and I can imagine I'm not the only one saying this: When are they going to grow the place or even continue to move. I definitely think that this much success can expand their business somewhere else because in Montreal, Grilled Cheese Bar is simply an untouched business. When you think about it, it's dependable on 2 products: Good quality Bread and cheese, any extra in your sandwich is an experience in itselt. Served with a simple salad, it's all that you need to complete a perfect lunch. I had the Migneron ( amazing local raw milk semi-firm cow milk cheese) and Butternut squash grilled cheese. Unusual texture, but it definetely showed me the potential of the Sandwich we got here.  There's a Dj that was playing some ambient electro music. Now I like ambient and I like electro, but it wasn't in my personnal taste. It seems to please the crowd mainly student but also some fans of the famous sandwich. Less than 20$ for a meal. 1 beer, 1 salad, 1 grilled cheese 16$. Tip and i still have change left for my next destination.. Popped by here for lunch recently. 

The place is absolutely huge... "largest selection of beer on tap in the world, etc..." 

I was presently surprised. The food was good. Had the Mac-n-Cheese with chicken, bacon and mushrooms... (it was loaded with mushrooms), and a club sandwich with avocado. The fries were thin and crispy with a light seasoning. Service was quick and friendly.

Didn't have a beer, but I intend to come back in the evening soon and give it a go.... Allie does the best pedicure on the East Side!  Well worth it and the price is right! She's moved salons make sure you call her direct!  702-279-8450. Great atmosphere and coffee. The service is amazing. I love the new room. J J and his staff make you feel right at home. My favorite drink is Rushmore. Tyler is awesome.. Great place to get a quick oil change. I get my oil changed here in the winter when it's too cold to change my own oil. Priced competitively with other major chains. They take literally 10 minutes to change oil, check fluids, vacuum and wash windows. Highly recommended!. Great food. I have been there more than 5 times and I have never had anything that I didn't love. The space it self is very small and feels cramped. And service is pretty f
Good for the most part. Very good restaurant, they are very nice, professional. The food is pretty good as well. Though I'm probably not a fan of some of the other foods, but in terms of price, I probably won't be eating here often.... BEST FLOATS/MILKSHAKES IN TOWN!

Veggie friendly diner food... pretty good tater salad, nice sandwich selection.  Homemade veggie burgers.  Nothing on the menu will blow your mind, but it is a fun, delicious little place to eat, with awesome sodas/dessert drinks.. Great selection, friendly people.... 

I wish I lived local.... I would be spending A LOT of money here!. This place is great, It was the first place i dined when I moved to the valley and i continue to go back. The food is outstanding and the service is great. I always get the enchiladas and my girlfriend always goes with the salmon. She always says its the best fish in town, and after trying it she is right. If you want great food and service at a reasonable price go with the blue adobe. Also, they have some of the best chips and salsa.. Great place. Great breakfast. My advice get there early and with appetite.. Excellent wings.  Just what I was looking for.  Buffalo hot sauce is right on the money. Blue cheese was great, wings skins were crispy. Great place to grab a beer, watch a game and feast on wings.. I enjoy taking classes here. My grandkids have even enjoyed classes here. Lots of different opportunities to learn, and even more events to attend. Plenty of things to keep a family entertained. Even if it's just a walk around the lake.. When ever I go to Vegas I always have my cigars however this time around I wasn't to meet with my guy. So I found this spot and YES it was what I needed. I met Billy and he took good care of me. I must say Billy knows his cigars, so if your in need for the best cigars go see Billy. 

Billy I'll see you soon.
Thank you again. came by for a quick lunch. Great staff and fast service. the food was very good, condiments looked fresh and crisp.. The family that runs it was great and you can see they put their heart into it.  Very welcoming and Robert was a mad man in the kitchen.

We went Saturday morning even though it was busy and they seemed a little frantic you can tell this little Mom and Pop shop puts their all into the food.. We had a really great time at L'Original.  The whole hunting lodge theme was cool.

The staff were very friendly and attentive.  There was a food paparazzi (possible fellow yelper?) eating at the table next to us who seemed amazed by everything. 

The oysters were great, they had six different kinds, so we ordered two dozen.  

The lamb mini-burgers were great ans was the Bison tartare and the venison.. What's there to say about this place ... 

A lot would be the appropriate answer. $15.95 Mon-Thur Lunch and $24.95 Dinner. And basically a dollar more for every thing else.I've been going to Makino for years. Let me re-literate that YEARS. I used to go to the one on Decatur and Flamingo and even then my young taste buds quickly acquired a liking to the magnificent sushi.

Their lunch is such a steal. $15.95 really? C'mon man. You know that's a steal. 

First thing is first I always start off wetting my appetite by constructing the perfect udon temura shrimp bowl. Does anyone have a napkin I feel myself drooling.  I get on those little pre-constructed bowls of udon seaweed and a few other odds and ends and add some green onion red chilli powder always a must then 3-4 strands of delicious tempura shrimp. Lastly I pour in the broth either Tempura or the other one and believe me it's a taste sensation that your taste buds will have and will probably never recover from. 

On the right side is their large marathon long of sushi. It starts with nigiri and I always always get the tuna topped with looks like onion fried garlic and a bit of a citrus flavor. The ika or for youse who don't speak Japanese Squid. Always a good indicator of a sushi place. It should be crisp white and not too chewy. A giveaway that it has been sitting out too long. 

I make my way to the sushi rolls of which there are many. And i always go for the tempura dragon rolls they make. I can't say enough about there tempura shrimps it is absolutely delicious. At the end is there large vats of ginger wasabi lemon and house made spicy soy sauce for you to dip there sushi in. 

Now, on the left side is the hot items. I usually for go the fried rice and chow mein they are not exactly winning anyone over in my opinion. But they do have good seabass in a garlic butter sauce that is specatular. Soft not too fishy and warm. I always go for clams if they have. And i believe they got rid of it but they did have these large jumbo shrimp that was baked with cheese and split in the middle. I miss those. What else makes a good sushi place better? Dessert DUH! 

They have a chocolate fountain with assorted fruits for you to enjoy and other nice little one person treats like cheesecakes, creme brulee and little custard filled croissant looking things. 

After walking around the shopping mall and getting tired c'mon in and continue shopping waddling around. 

The service is always excellent and they are very attentive. Waitresses do not need to be called over just to pour your drink.  And everything is neat clean and typical Japanese decor.. Great local place with a huge menu. Only eaten breakfast but it is one of the best in town.. Just amazing customer service, knowledgeable staff, great prices on fish and necessities. Great selection of fish for a new store, and getting bigger quickly. A must if you're in to salt water fish.. We had AABCO come to repair our washing machine.  We have a service contract with AHS.  We were promptly contacted by Janine who sett up our appointment.  

Our tech was here on time who not only fixed the problem but also offered great advice to avoid a re-occurrence.  

Excellent Service and Strongly Recommended.. Just awesome! Great food and great customer service. Legitimately one of the best meals I have had in a long time! Grace thanks for a great experience!. I just took my Iron 883 in for a 10,000 scheduled maintenance and Steve did a great job at a great price. Took just a little over an hour.  Steve showed me around the shop and all the bikes he was working on.  Great guy and great service.. If you have not come here, then you aren't living life with purpose. Great atmosphere, amazing food, wonderful staff. Was in town for 4 days and came here twice. Quality meets affordable pricing meets a great atmosphere. A+.. All food is good here. Generous portions and tasty entrees. The prime rib is as good as the higher end restaurants her modestly priced. There's no place that can compare to the flavorful Wild Salmon here at Ellis Island Cafe not the bland  farm raised junk So called Salmon most other places have. 
Enjoy a very good meal with a tasty homebrew or in house rootbeer at avvery modest price. 
We Always have at least one meal here while in Las Vegas. Enjoy!. i LOVE ryans pet supply! they always have smiles when they greet you and have unbeatable prices!. Best magic show I ever watched.  After awhile I thought the show was over but it still went on.  Well worth the money.  I was constantly surprised throughout the show.. This was a must stop on my trip to Montreal. I had heard of this restaurant from the travel shows on Food Network and from some friends that had traveled to Montreal. 

 When we went the restaurant was packed, but eventually after fifteen minutes or so we got a table and ordered. My friend ordered the T-REX and I had the poutine bacon.  This was a great stop for us as we filled up on great poutine and then headed off to do more sightseeing. 

 A must stop for anyone in Montreal.. This place was phenomenal! The price you pay for this place and the amount of food you receive is unbelievable!
I ordered the Italian Tour and received about 4 pounds of food! It was delicious. It was a combination of Alfredo Pasta, Chicken Parmesan and Baked Spaghetti! Wow is all I can say!

The service was so-so but the food definitely makes up for that!
The Spanikopita was authentic and tasted delicious!
Overall a pleasing experience! 

I recommend!. The phrase 'Kid in a sweet shop' perfectly describes how I feel as soon as I enter Choco-Latte, because this tiny shop on South Clark street would make Willy Wonka himself proud.

There is chocolate everywhere, and I mean it literally - sweets balance on shelves, cakes rest on counters and chocolate hangs from the roof. And what chocolate it is, sweet and tasty - i tuely recommend coming to this place.

My favourate though, has to be the cakes - chocolate cakes crammed with all sorts of sweets and lumps of chocolate bars on top, truely heaven - if a nightmare for dentists.

Choco Latte is a great place to indulge your sweet tooth.. I love having this place in our neighborhood. The food is always along the scale from great to excellent. The staff is friendly and accommodating, even when they are busy you can tell they try hard and really care. Sucks about the delivery being cancelled but you know how a few can ruin it for all.. These guys are awesome I have not been disappointed once from all of the times I've been here. Josh was the most recent person to assist me and he handled my refund and new order without any problems whatsoever. Besides that, he knows his trade. Would highly recommend this shop to anyone wanting to take care of their vehicles.. I visited the new Noble Bread sandwich shop near downtown Phoenix on Tuesday and Claudio gave me a sample of the pillow bread they will be selling when they open next week.   Just like the bread they now sell, the new products will be fresh, healthy and delicious.  I was not expecting a quick tour of the bakery, but one look at the freshly baked loaves that were being packaged for the farmers market told me that this place has serious chops when it comes to bread.  From the wood fired oven to the sourdough bread, Noble delivers top shelf foods in a humble, honest manner.  Well done Claudio and Jason.. My wife and I just spent the weekend at the Vdara and loved it.  Arriving into the Vdara was a little tricky, since the entrance and valet area are elevated and intertwined with the Aria arrival.  Once we found the right place, everything past that was awesome.  

We had a late arrival (11:30 pm) and were greeted with no line to check in.  We got a pleasant surprise by being upgraded to a deluxe suite, which surpassed all other venues that we have visited in Las Vegas.  The room had its own dining area, a separate 1/2 bath, full size kitchen and amazing views.  The bed was COMFY and the room was as quiet as I would imagine a tomb would be.  It seemed as though the hotel was near maximum capacity, yet we felt as though our floor of the hotel was exclusively ours.

We love to walk, so the stroll to the Bellagio or the Strip or the Aria was refreshing.  The Vdara felt close enough to the hustle and bustle of the Strip, yet just far enough away.

We wrapped up our stay with some time by the pool.  It's not a huge area, but large enough to find some space of your own.  The staff was friendly and attentive, offering up umbrellas and drink service.  It was a great place to conclude our stay.

All-in-all, I'm putting the Vdara at the top of my list for future trips to Las Vegas.. I actually love the BX because it is huge and has many things. Since my parents are able to access the base I love to come to the BX. It has a variety of things to sell. This place reminds me of a huge department store in a mall.
This place is awesome so I give it 4 stars.

Also it has a huge food court and the best part is that there are NO TAXES.. Last weekend we decided to try out a new spot in North Scottsdale and after hearing very good things, we choose Market Street Kitchen. We started out our night with a couple cocktails at the bar and were pleasantly surprised. They feature not one, but two barrel-aged cocktails that are both very good and the bartenders were both very personable and knowledgeable. We then took our dining experience to the dining room to have a little more private meal. We each had an appetizer and main course. The fried green tomatoes and pork grillades were both delicious and had us excited for the entrees. Our waitress answered the few questions we had about the menu with great enthusiasm and told us about the oak fired rotisserie they feature and we decided on the Prime Rib special and the Duck. They did not let us down here and definitely lived up to the hype. My wife and I left there very happy to have find a great new spot to be able to take friends and family.. Only delux could make me want to be a homeless shopping cart man lugging my overflowing carts of spoils from place to place. I mean... homeless people's carts are full of the best sweet potatoe fries ever also, right? The spicy sauce that comes with them, amazing.... mouthwateringly amazing.  

Service is always hit or miss, one star gone for that but for the food here i would suffer far worse than pretentious scottsdaleyians that think they are above slangin' burgers.  
So i like to drink martinis, dirty, Chopin, and shaken hard.  Our server returns to our table with a shaker and glass, she shakes it, pores it filling my glass to the lip, and leaves the shaker which is still full of booze. WTF are we in a dinner and i just got a malt!? How awesome is that, makes the $14 price tag much less painful. 

Burgers... amazing. Red meat at its pinnacle. Beet salad is great also. Do yourself a favor and get a Rogue beer on tap, this is one of two places in AZ i have been to that carry them. I love delux, it is trendy and pretty much SUCKS unless you sit on the patio but the pros far outway the cons.. Excellent gym that has everything I need. Plenty of machines, hot tub, showers and a locker. Downside is they close at 9pm on Saturdays and Sundays.  Not quite 24 hours but otherwise perfect.. Somewhere, beneath layers of flacid, white skin, I am a black man.   Though I cannot readily identify with years of oppression, white women crossing the street when I pass for no good reason and the spectre of slavery, I think that my love of motown, broad-hipped women and soul food makes me, at the least, an honorary brother.   

Strangely, and perhaps because of hunger, the best BBQ pork sandwich I ever had was dolled out to me as I hurriedly boarded a plane in Nasville, TN.   I've dined all across America and even in Memphis itself and I've tasted some fine BBQ and contrary to other reviewers here, I thought HB BBQ was a-ok.   

I was feeling depressed last night, the unfortunate consequence of some protracted litigation I'm involved in and I got a hankering for slow-cooked meat slathered in tangy bbq sauce and my craving guided the wheel as I drove to HB's.    

It still looks like an IHOP.  They've changed the booths and moved some things around, but the decor has a definite "International House of Barbeque" feel to it.   I must also admit that I was more than a little dismayed when 3 hispanic guys made my bbq pork sandwich.  What in all the red tamales do hispanic folks know about BBQ?  Call me picky, but when I get something called Honey Bear BBQ with a song of the south lookin bear on the sign, I expect a large black man or woman with a disarming smile to sling my pork and slaw together on a paper plate--the way god intended.   Perhaps I'm missing out on all the great latin BBQ, but I've long believed that after all the suffering God forced upon my brothers, he tried to make penance by imbuing them with rhythm, soul and bbq knowledge.

Nonetheless, the sandwich was tasty.  I would have liked a spicy sauce option, but I'll take what I can get.  It's not deep south bbq and it's probably not even like Mom's, even if your mom was irish and grew up in poughkipsie, but it's at least pretty tasty and reasonably priced.  It's Phoenixand 50 degrees in the dead of winter.  We take what we can get.. Without a doubt this is a fine restaurant. The food is all locally sourced and if I were from Edinburgh it would make me very proud to know that a restaurant of this calibre existed in my city. I went there with my wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. First, the wine list is enormous and has very, very, fine wines from all over the world (I noticed a $6,000 bottle of wine!!). My wife and I decided on Champagne the night we were there and we had a large and prestigious selection to make our choice from. Next, the food. We were both impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the fact that it was all locally sourced. I started with a Shellfish bisque and then had a grilled Lobster from the Isle of Mull with a truffle sauce macaroni and my wife had a wonderful smoked salmon from Loch Duart (which, by a happy coincidence, is where her Clan's Castle, Maclean of Duart is located). Our desserts were wonderful. Hers was a burnt Cambridge Cream with passion fruit sorbet and mine was a Blairgowrie Strawberry and lemon verbena custard tart with strawberry sorbet. To top the meal off after our coffee we had to have some Scottish Whisky (when in Rome...) Hers was a Tobermory 10-year old (again the Isle of Mull theme) and mine was a Jura 16-year old. Lastly, the setting and the dining room ambiance is superb!. I almost feel guilty coming here. Free chocolate? Free sample of a truffle for checking in? OKAY!

I ended up buying one bar for 7.50, which is no doubt expensive for chocolate, but I somehow felt like I got a great value as I sampled 3-4 chocolate bits and a truffle. On top of that, the chocolate was OOHHHH SOOO good... who would have thought coconut ash and banana would make dark chocolate even better!. How can you go wrong?  Fresh ingredients you assemble yourself.  You then hand your masterpiece to the grill man and watch ordinary food become extraordinary. I love this place been eating here for over 10 years. The owners are very friendly and will go out of their way to make your trip pleasurable.. Love this spot at Bellagio. Has in my opinion the best view of the Fountains as long as you can get out on their elevated patio. Cool scene inside that is also very intimate and close quartered. Great for Lunch or Dinner. Love the beef carpaccio strapped over fresh arugula with capers.. my buddy, my fiancee and i came here for dinner recently.. i usually plan everything on my trips but since my buddy did all the research on montreal.. i let him steer us around for dinner.. 

needless to say.. his choice in cuisine is quite impeccable.. 

we grabbed a bottle of beer cultivated by the master chef  (ferran adria) and my fiancee got a glass for wine.. we started off with a wild mushroom pie and the escargot.. both of which were quite good.. although there could have been more escargot.. 

my fiancee got the duck confit which came out looking like a fried duck burrito.. it was pretty disappointing.. 

i got the surf and turf black pudding.. it came with 3 large scallops which were cooked perfectly.. the black pudding was really rich and definitely one of the best things i had during my montreal trip.. 

i forgot what my buddy got.. but i believe it was a beef dish because i remember it not being as good as the beef cheeks i had holder the night before.. 

for dessert.. we got the sugar pie which was really really sweet (yeah.. go figure).. i wasn't exactly a fan of it but we finished it pretty damn quickly.. 

of note.. this place is about a 10 minute walk from the metro. Awesome biscuits and gravy. The bran muffin is a hit. Excellent service with Curtis as a standout. Excellent start of the work day or relaxing weekend.. I was going to try Chef Keller's restaurant when it was Fleur de Lys, but I never got there.  Finally, I went to the new concept, Fleur, a small plate menu that is quite creative.

I'll mention my server right in the beginning.  Kathleen was perfect.  She helped explain the dishes when I had questions, she recommended certain dishes as potential tries, but she wasn't in the business of pushing more plates.  She was great!  After telling me most people order three, she suggested I try two and see how much that filled me up and decide then.

For starters, I ordered the white onion soup velouté and the tarte flambée.  The onion soup was excellent.  It was very good and the velouté gave it a different taste but there was still the flavor of onion coming through nicely.  The I got the tarte flambée.  It's a flatbread with bacon, asparagus, truffle, crème fraiche, and and onion.  This, too, was a tasty small plate and quite a different take on standard flatbreads.

I wasn't full yet, so I stayed in France--the menu is divided into different countries--and I got the seared foie gras with braised beef cheek and shallot jus.  This was outstanding.  The foie gras was excellent.  I've only had one other foie gras that would hands down beat this one.

I still had a little room, so I just had to order dessert.  The menu lists exotic panna cotta.  This was a small glass jar with a layer of pineapple panna cotta on the bottom and then a layer of coconut.   On top was some fresh fruit, some coconut and some crisps that gave the dessert a wonderful texture.

This was a very pleasant dining experience.  It's amazing how quickly small plates can add up when you get your bill.

The only thing I'd change about the place was the music.  What it was, I have no idea.  It was really bad.  Since I was dining alone, perhaps I heard it more than if I were there with someone and talked through it.  In any case, it's not good.. "The Holley"

My dad comes here when he visits. It's a chance for him to get away from me and my mother. He's like that, you see. A wounded pole cat of sorts. Can't figure him out. He knew how to provide for me growing up, though. I'll give him that.

Anyway, I came here for the first time last Sunday. Funny, me thinks, since I live only a mile away. I parked the Crown Vic LX with leather interior and testosteroned my way past three post-workout cougars sipping hotness from a cup they wish contained me.

At the counter I was met by none other than The Holley.

She's a lean lassie, The Holley is. Direct and polite. I liked her immediately.

I ordered a Brazilian something or other and was impressed to see it was made to order. 

No big urns steaming in the corner. No decanter burning for eternity. 

MADE TO ORDER. 

How can you not like that?

There was a sneaky little vampirella hiding in an internet nook to my left. Playing with her little computer. Sneaking looks at yours truly while trying desperately to hide the marks on her neck. 

Tsk tsk, Lucy. I know what you are....

I looked at the bookshelf behind me. The Holley told me I could take any one I wished. Her voice cracked when she said that so I'm sure she was ogling my physique as she spoke.

I noticed they had different pastries and breakfast sandwiches available as well as countless coffees and teas. There was plenty of seating and some comfy looking leather couches to boot.

And the coffee? A nice, semi-bold flavor made even tastier by its freshness. I drank it outside at a table while staring at the Spring Mountains. I stare at them a lot these days. Mostly from my bedroom balcony. They call to me for some reason. I go up there a lot, too. Sometimes I hear laughing when I take the Cobra through there. I look around but see no one, of course. But something dwells there, my friends. I just know it....

See you soon, Holley. ;). I stopped in yesterday for the first time and was super impressed by the friendly, attentive and knowledgable staff. The selection of high quality frames was so great that I purchased 2 pairs. I was immediately at ease and never felt pressured to make a selection and felt that I was guided towards the best decision for me. The prices are also very reasonable for such great quality products. I have already recommended Oakland Fashion Optical to my daughter and will not hesitate to recommend it to others.. I like Landis.  I bought a bike here almost a decade ago and it lasted me through four years of abuse and violence on the streets of Phoenix.

Every time I go, I experience the following:

1) Good, polite, patient service!  Patience is huge for me--I'm not a quick shopper, and I don't know a ton about bikes.  Other shops seem to think that this indicates that they shouldn't treat you nicely.  Landis' employees seem to think this indicates that they should give you extra time and attention if you want it.  And they also leave you alone if you indicate you just want to browse.

2) Decent prices on equipment.  Okay prices on bikes.

3) Good selection of equipment!  They had a Greenfield Stabilizer in stock.  I'm happy.  This isn't a common kickstand to just walk in and pick up.

I bought a new bike at a competitor because I had a budget crunch and I had the worst bike shopping experience of my life.  Lesson learned.  Landis is my LBS home from now on.

EDIT:  Kristi D.'s review also indicates that they treat people with patience and respect.  I'm glad to see this!. I love Trader Joes.  Believe it or not, If you're looking for beer or wine this is a great place to pick it up.

Cheap but delicious red wines.

AWESOME cheap beer.  Simpler Times is higher ABV than most domestics, tastes good, has an awesome can and is only $2.99 for a sixer of cans.  SERIOUSLY AWESOME.

They have food and stuff and it's all really good and very affordable.

DID I MENTION THE SIMPLER TIMES BEER?. I watched staff handle a disgruntled customer flawlessly! Super impressed! Also, they have great chili cheese dogs!. Great food, service, and value!  Love it!. The service is generally good, can be a bit slow at times, but the food more than makes up for it.  Everything we've had there has always been excellent.  I'm particularly fond of the pizzas and calzones.  The breads served as appetizers are always fresh and flavorful with excellent texture.  We didn't visit before the Restaurant Impossible show, and probably wouldn't have, because Italian restaurants outside of New York City generally aren't my thing, but a friend saw the episode and told us we should try it.  We are glad we did and have been back a number of times over the last year.  The atmosphere is very comfortable and casual.  But... the cheesecake.  OMG Maria's cheesecake.  Words cannot do it justice.  The cheesecake is fantastic.  The lemon being my favorite.. Although calling itself a bar, it looks and feels very much like an ordinary pub. The best thing about it is the Wi-Fi, which is very user-friendly -no password, open all the time! A shining example. There is two powerpoints you can plug your laptop into. Sitting next to the heater, it felt nice and warm (unusual for Edinburgh, where many cafés do their best to save on heating bills). The staff are friendly and good-looking. I had the vegetable curry lunch. At £4.50, I would have expecteded naan rather than ordinary bread and butter and possibly more things (rice, chutney, salad etc.) than just a smallish bowl of curried vegetables. The beetroot and mackerel paté on toasted brioche is lovely and superbly presented -I felt tempted to take a picture of it. But my complaint is that the lighting is really low so the place is rather dark. This could be a good thing if you are looking for somewhere intimate, but I normally like very bright cafés, so I didn't like it. However, with their Wi-Fi policy and quality staff I do recommend it and will go back one day myself and order something other than the curry (I noticed, but didn't try, a Japanese single malt whisky).. Went in to see what they had in stock and got great help right away. 

Nice staff that know their business! 

Thanks, Hans. J'adore cette chaîne, je l'ai testé en France et au Québec et chaque pays apporte une touche de personnalisation très appréciable. Hands down my favorite record store I've ever been to. The owner Mikey is very knowledgable and helpful. The store has a great selection of records and is really well organized. Prices are very fair and I always find something I want quickly. Definitely be coming back.. The buffet at the Wynn might be one of the best buffets Ive ever been to in my life, only beaten by a seafood buffet I went to on the big island of Hawaii.  To my recollection the Bellagio had a bit more stuff, but I think the Wynn had better quality food.  The prime rib was amazing.  Plus this buffet was cheaper than the Bellagio.  We were there for almost 3 hours in order to take advantage of pretty much everything they had to offer.  You cant go wrong here.. As an (almost) native Las Vegan who was raised in the Spring Valley area (and remained to be a resident of the area until about a month ago), the donut place I grew up with was Dee's Donuts. I never thought it would ever go away, and what do you know, recently it did. 

In the search for a new non-chain donut shop, I stumbled upon the new location for Pinkbox. 

I have always heard rave reviews about the place but seeing how far the original location was from where I used to live, I didn't think it was worth it to go THAT far just to try a donut. I'm happy they've decided to open up more locations so people in the whole valley can give it a try.

Now in this department, I may be a bit of a heathen. It appears that the main donut here that everyone's so crazy about is the bacon-maple bar. As for me, I wasn't interested. I honestly just don't get the "bacon in sweets" craze. Maybe I'll try it another time, but now just wasn't that time. The donut that caught my eye, was the Fat Elvis. 

A peanut butter filled donut with a chocolate glaze, brown sugar and a banana slice on top. I personally found the banana slice on top a tad excessive, but other than that, I'll take YUM! for 200 Alex! And it's a tiny banana slice that can easily be removed, no biggie. 

I was also intrigued by many of the cereal and candy bar inspired donuts as well, but alas, the people I was with weren't as adventurous as I am, so the Fat Elvis was the only one of the "gourmet" ones that ended up in our box. The "normal" donuts if you will were all of good quality as well, but seeing that this is a place that prides itself on being experimental and unconventional with it's donuts, going to Pinkbox for a plain ol' glazed donut or maple bar just kinda defeats the point of coming here in the first place I feel. 

Anyways, the Final Verdict:

Pros:
Experimental take on a traditional treat.
The Fat Elvis
Still offers "normal" donuts for boring people, lol

Cons:
Some of the donuts looked like an instant heart attack
Also a tad pricey, but it's still worth it

Return Factor: 9/10. Would be a 10/10 if I still lived in the area.. Very good experience.  On a wonderful November evening, we enjoyed the Mediterranean sandwich with Parmesan truffle fries and chicken chopped salad out by the fire pit with a beer sampler.  The good was good.  Great service.  The beer was very good.  The atmosphere was wonderful!. Just a heads up they are now  sadly , closed. :(
This is little strip mall is dangerous to the waistline... there is Bistro pizza and a great cupcake place right next door. 
 The owners are super nice and down to earth and generous. The cupcakes and gooey bars are awesome. She also makes breads and cake pops, They ran out of pumpkin when we were last there. ( Someday!!!! :)
 Nice homemade taste. Nothing tastes like it came from a box, it tastes as if someone had been working very hard to please your taste buds. The efforts pay off, never been disappointed. 
Cute little place with a family friendly touch, some artsy fun gift items and aprons for sale too.
 Worth the trip, worthy of the treat.. Great place to hangout me and a buddy go once a month great cigar selection and reasonably priced and a great whiskey selection. When you see a big ole pickup side by side a just off the lot Mercedes in the parking lot of a way off the strip business/industrial section of town with one restaurant in sight, you know that's a good place to eat!

It's a humble and simple setup when you walk through the doors but the flavors roam about the air which play a prelude to bounty in which you're about to partake. The wall sized menu is easy to follow and offers a whole lot to choose from. This being my first visit, I had to take a while before deciding but everyone does that it seems. The line gets long and for good reason. If you get there after 11:15, expect to standing outside those doors leading in. There's ample seating on a sunny day or dry evening. The weather is perfect for both for now. All tables have unlimited napkins, ketchup and BBQ sauce. The people are very friendly and check in on you every 30 minutes or so to make sure you're enjoying your food. Indoors is splint into two eating areas. One is the room you come into to order with picnic benches set up and various displays all around the room including the giant sized menu. The other has a couple of flat screens going with a game or two on broadcast.

The food was savory and very tasty! We had a hot dog, the Duo which is a two meat order and a Trio a three meat order consisting of brisket, pork ribs and hot links. Other choices we could have had were a ¼ chicken and pork. Our sides were waffle fries and mashed potatoes. The hot dog was meaty with good chew and snap when you bit in. The fries rounded out the intake quite nicely, not too oily and plentiful. The hot links are sneaky spicy as they invade your palette bite after bite. So good! The brisket was tender and cut right. I needed extra sauce because that's what I like. The ribs were killer! Lots of meat on those bones, tender but held good form after the bite. Those were sucked dry. The mashed potatoes garnished with fresh bacon bits and melted cheese were thick, rich and flavorful. I could eat that all day! Unlimited drinks and BBQ sauce are always a plus. 

What's my bottom line? I have a saying about restaurants: You get one shot at the title; if you succeed, you'll get more shots at the championship! So yeah, I'm coming back! There's so much still to try and this initial visit definitely left a strong, positive impression. Great prices, championship quality BBQ. My actual rating is a 4.7 stars.... Wow.  Great thin crust pizza.  Cold beer and the app of thin crust and  guacamole was out of this world.  Loved the atmosphere and staff.  This will be our new go to when we visit!. Top quality service that is honest and dependable. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my Nissan.. Second time there now.  Great Value, and will definitely return.  The pressure was good, and I felt great afterwards.  The female therapist's long hair kept touching me all over, which I did not particularly care for, but the next time I had a male therapist and he was extremely good.  Thank you.. My wife and myself visited Mr/ Mama's twice this past week while in Vegas. The first day I had the chili cheese omlete which was incredible. I had never thought of ordering a chili cheese omlette but after reading multiple reviews, claiming that it was great, I had to try it. The chili goes great with the omlette and isn't over done. Mr. Mama's has some great tasting chili!. The second day I ordered the pancake and eggs. It was another homerun. They make their buttermilk pancakes from scratch and you can really taste the differance. We will be coming to Mr. Mama's for many years to come.. I'm not surprised at the low rating some of the other reviewers have given Rosati's.  The first time we had it, we got the pan pizza (I love chicago style) and were rather disappointed. It tasted good, but was way too gooey and the texture was off...each slice of pizza just kind of fell apart.

After that, we decided to give them another shot, and tried their thin crust.  It was MUCH better, but we still had the problem that the toppings wouldn't stay on the pizza.  It turns out that they just put too much sauce on it...if you order it with light sauce, then the toppings stay on just fine.

While I don't like it as well as Grimaldi's, we order it regularly when in the mood for thin crust pizza (we're having it tonight, as a matter of fact).  I'm very comfortable recommending that folks try their thin crust pepperoni with light sauce...order it well-done for extra crispiness.. Always dependable for late night tacos.

This is really a nostalgic review this spot when it was right by the Encore. It was the best to see hot messes while you were devouring hot messes. It was always packed as all hell.

For some reason it always amazed me that they took plastic.

If you happen to be in Vegas, this is worth a stop, even in the daytime.. Stopped in at noon on Sunday. We'd always driven by the place and saw the packed tables and decided to stop for a cocktail. Beyond being the oldest person in the place, we still managed to have a good time. All you can drink mimosas and a rock star waitress named Tia made the stop worthwhile. Not for those seeking a quiet conversation but a great place to watch all the trendy wanabee's work their mating ritual!. I would honestly say best burgers in town....period. And I am comparing to the well known competitors.. My wife and I loved our food and the service.  It was a great date night!. This is a great deli that is run efficiently with a good selection of food choices. If you enjoy a good deli sandwich then this is a good place to stop by for a quick bite to eat. Although this is not a gourmet restaurant, everything they served was a well-prepared and savory example of the item. We started with appetizers of meatballs wrapped in bacon and crunchy gnocchi, both delicious and unique. For entrees there was spaghetti with bacon served with chicken, a Philly cheesesteak sandwich and brie with turkey, again spot-on and flavorful. The location interior was a bit quirky, but in a compelling way-a cross between factory loft and grand ballroom. You'll see what I mean when you go inside. Server was attentive and friendly, owner came by to see about our experience, this restaurant is worth a try!. Hi.  Please enjoy this well prepared food and drink at a very reasonable price. 

Hi.  Please enjoy this comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please enjoy this generously efficient cocktail during your comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please equally enjoy this generously efficient cocktail as you wait to sing karaoke songs after your comfortable three dollar gambling experience.

Thanks. Feel free to join us again repeatedly as you continue to comprehend our awesomeness more and more after each three day getaway to Las Vegas.. One of the nicest thin crust pizza. Its hidden no frills place but absolutely worth the find.... Came here with a small group for a business dinner.  The staff were VERY friendly, professional, and helpful.  They seemed in a good mood and provided very nice recommendations for wine, appetizers, and meals.

The wine selection is incredible but, i was disappointed with the tap beer selection.  Normally, I would ding a place for that but, this is the South and, beer is not considered a food staple as it is back home in Wisconsin.  Also, this is a pretty fancy place and, they tend to focus on wine.  According to my colleagues that are very into wine, the selection was quite good.

I had the pork chop for myself, which was served beautifully but, a bit under cooked.  I ordered medium rare, it was rare.  They were very prompt and gracious about it - brought me a new one, perfectly cooked, and offered me a variety of other things to tide me over while I waited (it only took them 10 minutes to bring the new one).  It was cooked beautifully, very tender, well seasoned (balanced, you could tell it was quality pork), and it wasn't a "chop"....it was tenderloin meat on the bone...a very nice piece of pork.

i will definitely come back!. Shop local when you can, folks. And this store is a great place to start. It's pretty homegrown and simple. Outdoor apparel, gear and shoes. It's not a Dick's or REI, but it doesn't want to be.

Recently, I found a pair of "lonely only" shoes that were originally $100, marked down 65%. So $35 for a pair of shoes that retails much higher, even online (my go-to reason for not buying something in a store)...can't beat it! The man working said he had just marked them down because they were the last pair. SCORE!

It's a good mixture of helpful customer service and leaving you to shop, which I appreciate. I loathe hovering employees who do nothing but talk up products. If I want help, I can ask for it. These guys get it right.

They also do killer end-of-season clearances that are worth looking into. Last year I found a Patagonia jacket for more than 50% off. Again, can't beat that. And I appreciate knowing my money is going right back into the local economy, instead of a big box store's stock prices.

Go to Jesse Brown's. Support local business. And who knows what treasure you might dig up?. I am so happy babystacks opened up on the east side.  I was driving all the way to Durango for those biscuits and red velvet pancakes,  and it was worth it!!  Luckily that's no longer necessary.    Stop by Sunset & Stephanie to enjoy all they have to offer.   Expect a super long wait on the weekends, go before 9.. I thought it was worth the visit. I paid the high end for the use of the audio headphones to hear the stories or information at points along the tour. Also included was a lunch; the BBQ sandwich was very good. The staff there are very friendly and provide excellent assistance.. Not the cheapest, but perhaps the best. By the time I was hooked on this place, I saw on the back of their business cards, something like "Jesus prefers lightly starched" or something religious. Which, for me, I have to say is a turn off. Just like the bottom of the soda cups at In N Out. However, that said, I have an open mind and enjoy the professional, friendly and family owned Bell Cleaners. They do everything right. One time they found a few bucks in a pocket and it was in a sealed envelope when I picked up my dry cleaning. I've had rugs and even outdoor patio curtains cleaned here. Parking is readily available. Religious beliefs or non beliefs aside, this is about yelping for the good guys. And Bell Cleaners fit the bill. Oh, yea, and of course I'll still be going to In N out....I'm hooked man, like totally chasing the fast food dragon, hooked!. The original #wvfn meetup spot! Great spot just off the 101 for cold brew! Bring 4 friends and order Irish Car Bombs! They have a great "slapper" for the experience. Still waiting for the video (hint @clintus). Wow! Just amazing. I like this barber shop. I got a good cut and they were friendly. I waited for awhile  they had a huge TV so it was not that bad.  I would go back and price was pretty reasonable.. First pho place I went to outside California, who knew Vegas has a decent pho place! I liked the atmosphere and the environment. Service was fast and friendly and the bowl of pho was pretty damn good. I had my share in pho and this is one of the top, maybe top 15. The broth was not too sweet or too sour; it had the right consistency to it. They gave us a lot of noodles but that's not a bad thing made me full pretty fast. The meat is good, very little though compared to some places.

Will come back here whenever I go back to Vegas.. Best alterations shop - I've ever done business with.  Charlie and wife, Newt, are top notch.  Very customer oriented;  alterations done perfectly each time; very fair pricing policy;  Good people.  Store a little difficult to first locate - on east side of the 215 on Gibson, but excellent parking out front, and very little traffic in the area.  Great pizza place about 3 doors down.  Very pleased I found Newt's shop and I go there often to bring clothes for alterations.. Let me start by saying I cannot ride a bike. My physical disability in my legs don't allow me. For long distance walking, standing, etc, I use a wheelchair. My wheelchair  just like bike tires, air filled, etc. Well, I had a flat this week. I went to another shop in Chandler and I have ALWAYS been disappointed with this other shop. Just not friendly, and always expecting me to "know things" already. Well, this other place didn't have my tubes but had some thinner ones that would work, but risk of going flat easier. I got them, I needed my chair! That was Wednesday 11/27. I used the chair twice. Once indoors, and then today 11/29 to wheel 1/4 a mile. BOTH went flat as quick as you can say FLAT. So upset. So I looked for a new place. I found this place and decided to give it a try.

From the second I walked into Performance, me and my partner were greeted with smiles, took their time to direct me where I needed to go. I met Jason in the service department. He took AMAZING care of us! He answered all our questions, didn't rush me, didn't make me feel stupid for not knowing all about wheels and tubes, and helped get exactly what I need, and EVEN something better so help better protect me. I spent LESS $$ here, got something BETTER than the other place. I am SO thankful to have found such a great place willing to help me out and deliver awesome customer service. 

I may not be able to ride a bike, but I WILL recommend this place to everyone and I WILL be back to have my wheels services here!!. This is a small and cozy sushi bar and restaurant far off the beaten path of the Las Vegas strip. The fish is very high quality and is priced accordingly. This is not a cheap all-you-can-eat place. The sushi chef is also the owner. He has a great sense of humor (ask him about the knick knacks over the sushi bar). My only complaint is that they do close early, 10pm.. Great service! Food was great! Highlights were the miso soup, shoshito peppers, sushi rolls & the fried chicken.. They now have the QT kitchen right inside the store. Order your sandwiches and wraps nice and fresh. They cook them within eye sight behind a glass partition and for 3-4 bucks, you can't go wrong.. Burger fit for a King or Queen!

The burger is one of the staples of American popular cuisine. The simple recipe allows for considerable creativity from the chef who's making it, and there are thousands of variations, from one end of the country to the other. And when done properly, there are few foods more delicious. 

Holsteins freshly made bad-ass burgers are made from the choicest cows (Kobe), organic toppings and freshest buns. 

This restaurant is located in the Cosmopolitan on the 2nd floor near the escalators. The interior reminds of a new age diner with eager guests wanting to try these delicious alcoholic shakes and fancy exotic burgers. The restaurant seem very energetic and it was a full house. The waiters and waitress wore uniforms and all looked in sync. Our waitress Abigail payed close attention to us and we felt that her she went above and beyond for us. I had a yelp checking promo for a free beer and she took care of me right way. Nothing better then free beer. With service like that I can now see why that this place is always buzzing.

We started with an appetizer of Buffalo Chicken wings smothered in bright orange sauce. With each bite i could taste the strong flavor of the cayenne pepper and garlic. I don't prefer really hot wings but these were so good we couldn't stop until they were gone. 

For the main course, I decided to go with Gold Standard Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli for $18.50.  I order it medium rare and it came out looking and tasting amazing. The Sirloin was melt in your mouth good. With each and every bite getting the hints of the Goat cheese and the sweet organic greens the burger really was a work of art. My wife ordered The Rising Sun Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, Tempura Avocado for $18. This dish was made perfect. Such an intense flavor from the very expensive high quality Kobe beef and the Teriyaki glaze. It was mild and not to sweet like most American Teriyaki but just WOW! My wife made me try a little bite and after that one tiny little bite my tongue firing all the wonderful deep flavors to my brain. It was like I was mesmerized by that one bite. I wanted her burger so bad!!!  

It is true Chef Anthony Meidenbauer really knows how to build a burger fit for a King or a Queen.  We felt like King and Queen that night we had those fantastic exotic burger. I noticed on the menu they have whats called a Billionaire Burger which consists of Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo. Doesn't that just sound like amazing. I am imagining the wonderful flavor combos of my two favorite dishes combined into one. I didn't have the nerve to spend $35 but on my next visit I will for sure.

Overall its a great new burger concept and probably in the Top 10 Best Burger Restaurants. I will be returning soon and I will have my eye on that Billionaire Burger!

Thanks for Reading.
Matthew Y.. WOW!! My Mom used to make us pasty's when we were kids, unfortunatley they were never this good! The Bangers and Mash was excellent, M\my wife had the Shepards Pie which she loved! You can never go wrong here with the beer/cider choices, Strongbow & Boddingtons on tap. I will definately return.. I'm glad I gave this place a second chance... My first experience several months ago was very average... Decided to give it another chance last night... Very impressed. Loved the 'Second Climax Roll' -  Will be back for more.... Perhaps the best steak EVER! I loved it. The service was spectacular. When I go to Montreal this is one of my go to places!. Amazing!!! That describes the experience my mom and I had for our  first time today at best foot spa!!!! I definitely didn't expect such a great massage but the lady knew what she was doing. When we entered the spa we were quickly greeted but a nice man and taken back into a private area with two chairs. I got the $36 foot/back rub and mom got the $22 foot rub which none of us complained about!! I would definitely come back here often AND bring friends. 

Note: I would have given 5 stars if the tipping sign wasn't in front and the nice lady didn't insist on me tipping over $10. If I'm happy with my service, I always tip over 20%!! Regardless, I will be back!. Lived in PHX for 10 years and first time I tried the place. The burgers are very good, they are different flatter and crispier on the outside so different but they taste great (see my pictures). 
I had 2 for 1 coupon and I planned to only eat one but ended up eating both because they were so good.
Cheese curds are interesting as well.
The ice cream, or frozen custard has many options and toppings so you can get pretty much anything to fit your needs.
The fish sandwich is better than Burger King and McDonalds.
Very good place for kids.
There was 1 nice TV in there so if they happen to be showing your channel then your in luck. Definitely better than other fast food dinning areas.. From the front office to each doctor this place is amazing. I couldn't walk when I first got in. Within 10 visits I'm 100%. I've had back problems my entire life and push my back to the limit with crossfit. Didn't matter, he got it to where I need to be. 

I haven't been in over 2 weeks and still have zero pain. Many doctors fix things temporarily, Dr. Justin fixed me for the long haul. 

A++ across the board. Pros
Cheap, delicious

Cons
There may be a bit of a wait

The Caribbean Jerk sandwich was cheap, moist, and delicious. The bun was perfectly crispy and brought a nice balance to the sandwich. A great value. I would be a regular if there was one near home. To people familiar with Potbelly's, I'd take this over Potbelly's any day of the week.. Half way through lunch my wife looks up at me and says "I just found my new favorite Mexican restaurant".  Food was fantastic, service was friendly and the Cadillac Margarita's were (almost) as good as mine. O.K. My new favorite as well.. Conveniently located.  I've always found the guys to be super friendly and professional.

Recently had a flat spot on tire.  No discernible event or damage.  They went to bat for me with goodyear, got a pretty substantial credit.

Could have easily tagged me for another new (second) tire but didn't.  They even called dealer, made inquiry re wear parameters and said, "you don't need it."

Similarly, had them change out pads and rotors on back.  They were honest and said, "you still have about 25% left on front," so again didn't take advantage of situation.

Dropped car off later in pm Saturday and they called first thing Sunday, done!

Good job y'all.. this place rules, plain and simple

just wish they had a cheaper jukebox. Great place to eat. You get what you pay for. I ordered the Jack and Coke Ribs. Sooo much food. Full Rack of ribs, corn on the cobb and fries for $24. 

They had decent drink specials. But Fat Tuesdays was calling our name.. Perogie's fit in the New and "Old" World.

My first experience at Szmidt's was semi optimistic. The yelp reviews would never steer me wrong, would they? Nope, they didn't...again. Was in the mood for Perogie's one day (actually, months ago), and started surfing for some "homemade" perogie's. A lot of Pittsburgh deli's, and diners have perogie's on the menu, but are 90% of the time Mrs. T's. Don't get me wrong, in a fix, I'll plow some Mrs. T's. But this day I wanted real, authentic, roge's. 

I searched the google net for some action, but the only thing that was popping up in the 10 mile search was the same old, same old. There is a joint not a block from me that has GREAT rog's. But I do not dig there style of operation, so I move on in my search. Expanding to 15 miles goes google maps. Then there is a dot on the screen, not a huge arrow, but a small google dot. Me being a small business owner, i like little dots. Little dots smell, passion, care, determination..that is where the jedi was headed.

To Szmidt's, I finally made the journey. LOVE the vibe! Open kitchen, everything aged. I mean not dirty, but aged. There are stories that can be told from this equipment. The love was showing. But now to the order.....

We went around the house for me and the crew at SpitfireZ. Classic Potato and cheese, Jalpaeno & Cheese, Santa fe Chicken, Roast Beef, & the dessert roge picked by the wife .... peanut butter & chocolate. Not a super sweet/chocolate fan, but there was something fun about them. They all were great with there signature sauces.

I love the feel of a small, non-corporate joint. The young vibrations from the staff, makes it fell kinda cool to order from them.....

There MENU IS VAST, I will be reporting more on this place. This Jedi wants to experience it all.

JEDI APPROVED

EAT
-EVERY PEROGIE THEY HAVE. I love this place! Been going there for years, I finally got on yelp, so I figure they should be my first 5 star! Great latte, desserts, and drinks!. Great outdoor patio overlooking the Strip, fun to people watch, listen to awesome music and have great American food.  Love Hard Rock burgers!. Briggs Family Dentistry is one of the best facilities in the area, I've actually gotten a hold of Dr. Briggs Jr. on his cell at 9PM due to an emergency.  This is truly a family practice who gives back to the community.  Wish there were more Doctors like them!. Great place with good options. Good atmosphere and friendly owner. Beer, wine, and some fancy frozen drink make it even better. The owner, Doug, is very friendly. Will come back and find other locations next time I am in town.. I recently was told by a visiting assist I interviewed that "Pittsburgh had a soul you can see". How amazing is that? From the North Shore,  PNC Park or Mt. Washington,  the view never disappoints. You can walk from one side of the city to another in 20 mimes and see why Hollywood had made so many movies here recently.. This past halloween these guys set up a booth for our neighborhood and we loved it so much we've booked them for another event--a wine tasting. They're professional and fun at the same time. They are a must for any event!. Came here during lunch at the recommendation of a co-worker. Great, fresh sushi at a great price! 

Each roll is wrapped in black rice (purple in color), which is a superfood, considered to be healthier than brown rice.  

I had the Tempura Shrimp Roll, which was solid. 
The chef came over and topped our meal off with a scoop of green tea ice cream. This was a welcome addition and appeased my sweet tooth. 

Definitely adding this place to our repertoire during the week!. Good variety and unique flavors of yogurt. Lots of toppings!  Friendly staff.  0.45 cents per oz.  Very clean and spacious.  Two flat screen TVs. A good place to relax with your friends!. One of the best Indian restaurants in Phoenix... Great to deal with. Mailed us leather swatches to help us decide on color and texture. Delivery was on time and kept in contact with us troughout the process. The delivery men were also terrific. Would recommend and would use again.. Really good donuts. I love taking my son and wife here. Service is also great. The girl that works here, Serena, always treats us very nicely and is very generous with free treats.. I've been donating blood for decades. It's one of the few morally unambiguous things you can do these days. In addition, I have many friends who cannot donate for a variety of reasons so I try to take up the slack. I usually donate at work but, because of the summer, they skipped a cycle so I checked at the ARC to see about walk-ins.

West Madison's ARC center wins the prize for the quickest donation EVER! Granted, it was slow day over there and I know the ropes but, I was out in 45 minutes! After quick, friendly and professional attention, I was sipping OJ, eating a cookie and walking out with a free loaf of Panera bread (on Thursdays and Fridays) under my arm in less than an hour.

I won't suggest that you'll get through that quickly but, if you can, donating blood should be a thing. Do it. Save lives!. This is definitely is a hidden gem! Friends wanted to walk around downtown and I'm glad I tagged along! I wish I was able to see this place during the day but we got here around 10:30pm. There was a security guy at the door to check everyone's ID since there are bars inside. There are some small boutiques, restaurants and bars. But more importantly, there's an adult tree house with slides!! There are other games in the "playground" as well and we ended up spending over an hour there. I was bummed that most of the stores were closed so we will definitely come back again!. This joint has a BANG'IN 5 Star menu that hits on all cylinders every time. They stole the head chef from some swanky uptown spot and he made this artwork of a menu and maintains it on a daily basis. If you want a magnificent meal or just a succulent snack (app) with a plethora of beers/drinks to choose from, I highly advise you to get you hungry, stylish ass into this front door here, it's the place to be on the Queen-Cityz South-side. Oh and as a bonus you can tell (Tara or Ryan who both rock) or anyone at the bar really, that the Guy Fieri look-a-like dude from the stadium enlightened you and there might just be something in it for ya.... ((BOOM!!))
~Stay hungry my friends. I've eaten here 3 times and have always left satisfied . Oxtails and Gravy will change your life . Muddy Waters drink was good , friendly staff . Whenever I'm in town they can expect me to stop by .. Yumtastic!  Good food and dietary-restriction friendly. If you have any loved ones who can't have gluten, dairy, wheat, malt, or coffee than this place has a dish or two for them.

I'm not sure what it is, but this place is better than its Arcadia location.. I was in a bind and had to get rid of some televisions and a washer and dryer that I couldn't even give away.  I called Dennis at almost 5 p.m. the day before and told him I need everything gone by 10 a.m. the next morning.  He gave me a quote over the phone and I met him on time the next day.  By then I had accumulated more junk to remove but Dennis took everything and didn't change the rate.  Very personable and professional.  It's easy to make money in this town folks...answer the phone, be on time, and be professional.  Many businesses seem to fail at that.  Highly recommended!. XS is always a blast. The service is always good and the crowd is always pumped. The music is always on point. This by far is thee club all my friends want to go to when they come into town. Minus the line and the wait, if you have in's its even better. Def a place to get your vacation kicking when in town. Now that summer is here im sure my friends that are coming are def going to want to hit there day and night now haha. Oh how the summer is going to be a long one haha. Def looking forward the the parties and guest DJ's coming.. CHICKEN & WAFFLES
--I wanted fried--but this ain't Roscoe's
--but maybe the best roasted chicken I've bit into
--crisp brown skin outside & moist/ tender inside
--bacon- & chive-specked waffle--not bad--evenly cooked
--I'm glad I can afford this ($20 more than Bruxie)
SOURDOUGH WAFFLE WITH BANANAS
--not special but good
FRENCH TOAST
--it don't look like French toast
--it's actually bread-pudding style
--layered with brioche, custard & apples
--this is special--in taste & texture
SIDE OF BACON
--6+ lean & crispy slices
--only $5--should be shared by 2-3
INTERIOR
--classic continental
--high ceilings--warmed by Palladian windows
--natural light just touching the hardwood paneling
CONCLUSION
--nothing so far in Venetian disappoints (except Tsunami's demise)
--but I need to visit Bouchon for dinner to explore Thomas Keller's aspiration
--is this the Best Brunch in Vegas?--I don't know
--but I'd much rather savor this than gorge myself on an uneven buffet
--or to drop a half dozen chips at craps. Really nice suites here with balcony, kitchen, jacuzzi tube, separate shower, TV in bathroom, fold out couch, and even an empty fridge (kind of a mini condo).  All this at a good price when we book through a property management company www.bluechipvegas.com.  Some of these condos are owned and they hire management companies to rent them at a cheaper cost.  There are 3 towers and I recommend tower 1 since the only complaint about these towers is that they are not on the strip and a little walk to the MGM (all indoor walkways) and tower 1 is the closest.  MGM is newly remodelled and has everything you need to never leave.. I've frequented this place for months now and its always high quality. Alex, Tricky, and Tanya are all very friendly and open to making recommendations. This one of the last coffee shops that makes coffee an art instead of just business. If you just want an average cup of coffee made by a student who pushed a couple buttons, stick with Starbucks. If you want some amazing coffee made my some fantastic people with some real talent, you should try this place. There's free parking on the street and they open early, usually around 6:30 or 7.. Very good food. Not a lot of variety but still worth it.. Great place to shop, I love how the staff is friendly and can give you help on any item you need. The best part about this is that people are welcoming and they have all the products that you need. I would recommend going here.. My girlfriend took her best friend's wedding party here to get mani/pedis before their bachelorette party. They were a little intimidated at first because it seemed a little sketchy, but once they got in and met the girls they were super happy. The people spent 3 hours doing all of their nails and everybody was very happy with the results. Apparently the manicurists (is that what you call them?) were really fun, nice people to talk to, and the nails still looked good for the wedding the following Friday. 

All in all, they were really pleased with their experience. Pretty good value, too, even without the discount.. I thought my freeza days when I graduated. Wrong!  Pizza Brutta has the best check-in deal in town.  Buy one pizza of any kind and you get a free bianca, formaggi or margherita pizza. 

True Neapolitan pizzas are made to perfection in a wood-fired oven.  The ingredients are (mostly) local, applied appropriately, and result in a pizza that actually tastes like something.  

On my most recent visit, I had the salami e funghi (tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, Genoa salami, kalamata olives and mushrooms) and the formaggi (crushed tomato, oregano, fresh mozzarella).  The crust, as usual, was spot on and the flavors were well-balanced.  An added bonus: the mozzarella is house-made. 

I can't wait to go back and try even more of the menu.. I came here after reading a few reviews and also since I am currently living about two blocks away.  When I walked in, I was surprised to see a very small crowd seated at the tables (which is a good sign in a way).  The main crowd was seated at the sushi bar.  So, I sat down at the far left seat where a "local" immediately asked me: "Hey man, do you come here a lot?"  Of course I answered "no" and told him this was my first time.  A grin immediately overcame his face and he proceeded with "suggesting" to me what to order.  Typically I don't like it when folks insist on eating what THEY eat.  However, this guy seemed so enthusiastic for me to try FLOUNDER and a SCALLOP that I could not say no.  As I waited for my food to come - the local INSISTED I try some of his freshly ordered makeral - which he insisted I try to eat some of the "bones" from his dish.  Of course I didn't want to insult him - so I ate the bones and smiled as I chewed.  Actually, it was not that bad.  The servers were nice and the chefs were fast and accomodating to my  requests of spiciness as far as the tuna HANDROLL was concerned.  I will probably come back to this place.  It was made clear to me that every single person sitting at the bar was a patron of not less than 5 years.  That IS a good sign of a good sushi place!!. This place has some seriously delicious food, but the service isn't going to wow you (I suggest take-out if you're wary). And, now that you've been warned, on to the deliciousness!

I shared veggie kabob and rice, beef egg rolls, and chicken tikka masala. I'm happy to say that you get a ton of food with your order! The veggie kabobs were served on a huge bed of rice, and they were super fresh and flavorful. They're simple, but great! The egg rolls, which are only $0.99 a pop, were also very tasty, albeit a little greasy (they're deep-fried egg rolls though). I also can't forget to mention that the egg rolls come with a great spicy sauce! 

And then there was chicken tikka masala... At $10.99 it's not the cheapest thing on the menu, but DAMN! It was sincerely some of the best chicken tikka masala that I've had in the valley (almost inching out one of my favorites at Z-Grill). They served it with an enormous piece of house-made naan. The masala was perfectly balanced in spiciness and thickness, and the chicken was cooked just right! Masala lovers from all over should try it!

I welcome Khyber Halal with open arms into the neighborhood! I'm always a fan of a new flavor in the area, and I can't wait to go again!. This place delivers.  My mom, the most picky sushi eater was impressed, which is hard to do since she's from Japan.  She even liked it better than Nobu.  Everything was great, unpretentious atmosphere, attentive staff.  Great dining experience.. Cleanliness: 5 stars
This establishment is clean but not spotless, the restrooms have a clean appearance. This place reminds me of a small corner type coffee shop that you would find before the "fivebucks" craze.

Hospitality: 5 Stars
The employees were kind, and made eye contact while I placed my order. Someone was even kind enough to have prepaid my drink order, that was a great surprise. 

Food: 5 stars
Unique coffee flavor, I choose the medium roast and was very impressed.

Overall: 5 stars
Ample parking, hometown feel. I would recommend trying this local shop!. I will give it 4 stars because the people at the door act like its the only place in vegas.  They had a additude and need to bring it down a peg before i buy the place and turn them into a bathroom assistant.  I think the volcano drink is top end and prices right.  Dance floor is fun and the bar is classy.  I still think the winfield clown from cal wrote a post on Douche bag dudes he seen and gave tips on picking up women.  You look like the short ,ugly,guy who buys girls drinks. Then they leave with the good looking tall guy. Wake up winfield you are that guy.. One of my favorite steakhouses to visit in Las Vegas. I have been to Del Frisco's a few times now, and it is always a great experience. This most recent trip for a birthday celebration was really nothing short of great. I even actually opted for seafood this night over red meat.. long week of t-bones and lamb.. haha.. random week.. but anyway. 

The quality of the food is fantastic. The service was spot on without being pretentious or rude, and the overall experience was really pretty wonderful. The staff really made us feel great.. and made every effort to keep our drinks full, bread basket overflowing and meals served promptly. 

Seriously, i can say nothing else other than it's also pretty fantastic that they are located off-Strip and thus, requires that you do not have to deal with a huge parking garage. While they have valet available, the parking lot is like 50 feet from the front door if you want to just walk. 

I will be back.. again and again.. The Bone-in filet is amazing.  One of the best steaks I've ever had.  The sides were solid - the mac n' cheese was really good.  It was quiet at 6:30 pm and deafening at 9pm.  That place gets hoppin'.  Even on a Tuesday.  Really expensive, so bring your winnings!. I just had my car repaired by Gabor this morning.   I am very satisfied with his work.   This is the 2nd time I went to him, first was for replacing breaks and rotors.    This time, my engine warning light was on in my 2010 BMW X5 with 100,000 miles.   He was able to use his computer to diagnose the error code from the car, determine that a sensor was defective.  He replaced the sensor while I stood there.  30 minutes later, I was on my way.    Repair complete.   I have no doubt the BMW dealer would have recommended replacing a ton of parts at an extremely high cost.    Gabor gets 5 stars from me today.. Phoenix City Grill is tucked away in a very nondescript shopping center on the Southwest Corner of 16th and Bethany Home Road. Dont let this blur your expectations, as the restaurant delivers a great business lunch, a filling dinner, and it also has a great bar for after late nights. The cuisine is American with a definite Southwestern flair, and with a good selection of meats and fish as daily specials. For large groups, they even have a back room that can seat 45 people comfortably for a party or meeting. The servers are friendly, and the owner Sheldon will do anything to make your experience worthwhile.. You have to love this Charlotte classic. Way laid back, killer patio. Cold beers and a casual place to chill all day.. Great pizza, reasonable prices, good times.. We went here for a family Christmas brunch last month. Having lived in town for nearly 20 years, we had always seen but never actually been to SIR Hobo's. We had no idea what we were missing. When we first sat down, we were greated by a jolly waitress with a thick, possibly Greek accent. Her nametag said her name was Gerestina, but her attitude said she loved her job. The complimentary water was, in a word, exquisite. And the meal only got better. But the biggest surprise was when, about 20 minutes into our meal, a homeless man with a whooping cough and a peg leg stumbled through the door and colapsed. The cook came crashing out of the kitchen, carrying a CPR mask in one hand and a bloody meat cleaver in the other. Through his quick action, the cook was able to resucitate the homeless man. As we all applauded, the homeless man stood up to shake the cook's hand. The homeless man was crying and gave every single person in the restaurant a great big bear hug. It seems that SIR hobos still certainly cares for our fine city's hobo community.. Well we were standing outside the doors 10mins before they first opened...that's how excited we were for this place. After watching for months, we finally have a new restaurant in town with a little more attitude than Parlor or StFrancis. Hula's is aiming at the kick back & relax crowd which fits me specifically. Good food is only good if I can pair it with a great drink & Hula's doesn't disappoint. Really, this place is great.
To begin, the renovation is wonderful. On par with the other CenPho restoration projects of the past year - this one stands out by creating a period piece instead of going for a more modern style. There's a fire pit & plenty of outdoor seating along with a wonderfully decorated interior - all separated by some moving glass garage doors (like Postino). The best piece is their sliding table bench. It's hard to describe but a wonderful feat of engineering.
The appetizers were pretty great. The sweet potato fries will give Delux a run for their money & are savory & crispy. The cevice is served with some oversized wonton chips that have a great flavor. The cevice itself has a bit of spice to it thanks to the peppers.
The main dishes are a bit limited right now but the coconut chicken is simply delicious. With a sweet & spicy sauce over a perfectly cooked coconut-crusted chicken, this dish comes with rice & black beans. Really one of the better dishes I've had...plus, there was a lot of it. I had originally ordered the pork but had to steal the chicken from my wife. It was just too good.
For dessert we just had to try the key lime pie. Not only was it NOT some frozen green brick (like most places) but it was a whole mess of complex flavors that made it the best key lime pie I've ever had.
The servers were friendly & attentive. The owner came by & was receptive to input. The chefs were quick & the bar tender was heavy handed with a bomb Trader Vic MaiTai. Everything was great. Add to all of this the fact that it is on the LRT & I can't help but think I'll be spending a lot of time here.. The food is amazing in this place. The penne vodka pasta is really delicious. Make sure you try their signature ice cream sundae ... It's a keeper!. Great friendly staff. We've been dining at Pin Kaow for some time and this is the first time officially reviewing:

Atmosphere:  This is actually what an up-scale Bangkok restaurant looks like inside; we know because my wife and I visited Thailand in January.  The ambiance is warm, relaxing, and classy; adorned with wood-lined walls, good use of natural and dark colors, and the staff dress in authentically traditional Thai clothing.

Staff:  Warm, friendly, inviting, and very amused when Americans attempt to speak Thai.  They made great recommendations and nailed the order dead on!  Our drinks were always filled and anything we requested, they brought out to our table with a hurry.

Food:  We split the stewed eggplant and chili fried rice w/pork.  The eggplant was freaking amazing...haven't had Thai eggplant in a while.  The chili fried rice was really tasty and was ordered at a spice level of 9, I asked for a side of fish sauce with thai chili for some extra kick; simple and delicious.  Really encapsulated traditional thai flavor and simplicity.  Oh yeah...crab rangoon was amazing...and yes, that's a traditional Thai dish.

Price:  Totally affordable.  Dinner portions are large so you can split them if necessary.  

Overall,

This place really tries hard to replicate that authentic Thai taste and feel; they've come very close.. Perfect theater...no reclining seats, but a great screen, great sound, never been disappointed.. I love this food here, service-not so much.

As someone with genetically determined diet, it's difficult to enjoy eating out anymore. This place is great because I can go here with my family and we can eat according to our different diets. 

They offer floor-seating. This is a perfect option for large parties. There are two menus, one Greek/Mediterranean and the other Ethiopian. 

Service is sparse. I've only seen two servers for the whole restaurant each time. They also cashier. This makes for very occupied servers.

This is a bummer, but the food is worth the wait.. No, it isn't a 5 STAR restaurant, but the servers have ALWAYS been nice to me and my family, the food is great and the portions are HUGE!

Breakfast is amazing... bring a crowd and try the Big Bopper Breakfast

Their french toast is great with the banana whiskey sauce.... 

Love their Spaghetti and homemade sausage.

Their Burgers are GREAT

I don't understand the reviews.... they must be Scottsdale snobs. After 40+ years of driving, I had my first fender bender. Ashamed to even drive my car, I found Colorpoint through the Toyota dealer in Henderson. Luis Bravo, manager took really good care of my car. My car is 10 years old and it literally looks new again. I would highly recommend Colorpoint to anyone looking for incredible workmanship/quality and probably the fairest pricing around. Dont let the non glamorous office fool you, these guys are professional all the way. I hope I never have to use them again, but if I do I will.. Dean came out this evening and did a great job fixing the ac unit. Same day service is hard to find. Thanks yelp for never letting me down. Would call again and will tell my friends about Legacy Air.. So good! This is the best rotisserie chicken I ever had. So so so much better than swiss chalet or KFC or Popeyes. And it's pretty cheap. You can smell the good chicken even from far away. Strongly suggest going there.. Great local barber shop.  These guys know what they are doing.  I went in for a low fade and came out looking better than ever.  Convenient location off 44th Street and McDowell.  I'll definitely be going back.. the BOBBIE, capastrami, cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak! there are so many delicious mouth watering sandwiches to choose from! the quality is top notch! the wait is never bad & you will always have a great tasting sandwich! the best part are the sizes! large (20") is the way to go if you're sharing with a friend! you can never go wrong with Capriotti's.. Excellent dry-aged beef. You won' find a better one in town. And you will pay dearly for it.

Similar in atmosphere and menu to Morton's, the Capital Grille is located on the ground floor of the former Lazarus building at the corner of Wood & Fifth.

Expect dark paneled wood, a massively overpriced (300% and up) wine list, and oil paintings of Pittsburgh's forefathers (including Mr. Rogers).  The little things, like impeccable service by the bartenders, and umbrellas to your car on rainy nights by the valet staff, are refereshing. 

Regarding the food - appetizers were just ok. I'd give a big thumbs up to the any of the dry aged steaks (simple and delicious and the house speciality) and a thumbs down to the Filet Oscar (Filet Mignon topped with lump crabmeat and a bearnaise sauce).  Also, please do yourself a favor and order the truffle fries (if you like truffles) - these are to die for. Desserts are nothing special - I'd give a pass on the key lime pie. 

When I go back, it's straight to the dry aged steak and truffle fries for me.. Top-notch BBQ all-around!. My wife and I jumped of at midnight on our last night in Vegas. We wanted to do something really memorable and this was what we chose! I have a mild fear of heights , lol , but I figured I could handle it. I couldn't look like a chicken in front of my wife could I ? I decided I would go first, if I didn't I was afraid I might be taking the long elevator ride back down by myself! To my surprise I stepped off when they commanded ! At first it's a little concerning but when you realize it is a controlled fall you relax and enjoy the ride down. After I survived, it was my wife's turn. She's not scared of much so I wasn't surprised to see her jumping soon after me. She was so excited. It was a fun way to end our week in Vegas!. pretty damn good indian food, that will then clean you out... I think this was my favorite buffet when visiting Las Vegas. 

The selection was pretty amazing with the different types of desserts they have here along with the vast savory options.  

There is the typical buffet stuff you see around at different ones but they also have some really nice gourmet options to choose from too. I mean bone marrow?? How cool is that?!

The hardest problem I had was the fact that I wanted to try all sorts of dinner food but also having to save room for dessert. 

I tried several different buffets when I was in Vegas and this one had the best selection and atmosphere in my opinion. 

Take heed though, this buffet was pricey! I want to say it ran us about between $85 to 90 for two people, but also you get a great variety of awesome choices!. Nice atmosphere and wonderful service. I had the dinner special which was a wedge salad, a petite ribeye, and desert.   

The salad was as expected. Nothing to jump up and down about. The petite ribeye was tasty. Just a minute over cooked, but overall it was good. The desert was ice cream and cake. As I'm not a cake eater I can't tell you about that, but the ice cream was good. 

Overall, it was a pleasant dinner.. This cafe is most known for their graveyard midnight specials. Ever since the ol gold coast closing their cafe down, and Orlean's stopped having a good deal, this is the place to go for their $3.95 Steak n Egg's deal ! 

Sometimes they are super busy, resulting in a long wait line. Sometimes you walk straight in. Depends on if there are any events or holidays or even weekends. I even had one experience where we came here late at night/early in the morning around 4-5am, on a memorial day weekend, and they ran out of steaks ! 

Due to their huge popularity of their midnight menu, their consistency ranges widely. If theres a lot of people, you have a fairly low chance in getting the correct cook temp on your steak. Being a guy who loves his medium rare steaks, you can't cook it for too long otherwise you'd go into the medium to medium well territory fairly easily. Huge cafe, tons of people, im pretty sure they don't have that many cooks doing the orders. Not easy to keep an eye on every single steak and pay attention to how through it has been cooked. 

Aside from the 3.95 steak n eggs, there's also other items on the menu like biscuits & gravy, ham steak & eggs, eggs & bacon/sausage, for different prices (lower than steak n eggs i believe) 

Steak & Eggs - $3.95 - 6 - 8oz ny strip with 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast. 

Meat quality isnt the greatest. Definitely you get for what you pay but at 12am, there's almost no other deal that you can get. 

As i had said before, i like my steaks medium rare, but also don't mind it being less than medium rare. So as one of my friends has taught me, i order RARE. Rare typically is a heat kissed steak with a cold, red center. Once in a while, i do get that, but usually the "rare" will end up in medium rare (pink, warm center) to medium (minimal pink) territory. 

Aside from the steak, i order over-easy eggs and toast. Egg's are usually pretty spot on, in terms of cook, which is a good thing. I love a nice rich runny yolk with my toast. 

Service wise, you'll have two people. One who takes your order, brings your food, and your receipt to take up to pay, then never see again.... Then the other, who does your drink orders and refills. You'll see the drink guy much more often than the actual waiter/waitress. 

Overall, great place to get a midnight meal. 

Note: you aren't limited to 1 order per person. if you ARE definitely hungry, you can order two and share or just eat both your self :P om nom nom !. Highly recommend this restaurant.  The short rib tacos were phenomenal.  Don't overstuff yourself and leave room for dessert.  The bread pudding with whiskey sauce is out of this world.  If they would sell it as a drink i would buy it by the gallon.. Simple order at the counter mexican affair. The tortillas are fresh and homemade! The chips ate also fresh and homemade... The salsa is fantastic... Next time i will order a chicken quesadilla. Really like this small family owned place!. Even with all the flames glowing around the dining tables, my burger on this visit came out lukewarm.  The fries were even less warm; I had to send them back.  I hope this was just an anomaly. Maybe GR needs to visit more often.. Great old fashion music store for everything new and used. Movie selection is top notch.. I don't know how anyone can give this below a 4 star rating. As I read the other reviews I see that most of the problems are fixable. Yes the dance floor is a mosh pit (So don't go inside) the bar was 5+ deep (there's a bar outside), "and you have to walk up a spiral staircase to get there" (Or you can enter from the 2 outside staircases.... jeeze louise! Babies.

I celebrated the wrap of the Miss USA pageant here and it was fantastic here, good drinks, good people, and good music; but I give the 5 stars because I was in Vegas for a month and I found myself here almost 3 times a week. A great release from the PH and it's "Living Room" and "Pussycat Lounge" (look at my reviews, the quickie is, the LR is like a bad Rap Club; and Pussycat is like a strip club). 

It's not the best of the best, but if you want a club to go to that has a great view, open space, and a place to hang out with friends without being harassed then come here. The security are also really cool here, I had a dance off with a few others and after I was done, the security guard jokingly asked "why'd you stop? I was about to jump in there!".

Well done Paris, I'll see you next year.


Enjoy!. Went here for lunch yesterday and it was so good I am still thinking about it. I had the grilled shrimp and St. Louis ribs and they were excellent. The wait staff were very warm and friendly and the manager stopped by our table to make sure everything was okay. The shrimp was very tasty while the ribs were out of this world. The garlic mashed potatoes were good along with the corn on the cob. My iced tea was very crisp and refreshing. My fellow guests loved their food. I even had enough to take home.  All of this for a decent price. I left very happy.. First visit, and I really enjoyed the food. The staff was very helpful, too. Definitely a repeater!. Five stars for food and two stars for service. The waitress didn't seem to pay attention to our requests. For example, when I asked to see a dessert menu, she handed us our check.

Overall, I recommend it for the scrumptious food but don't expect too much in terms of service.. Great food!. We have lived in the Valley for many years and our family and friends have always taken their vehicles to SunDanser on W. Bell Ave for their vehicle window tinting. Each and every vehicle was  done professionally, fast, looked great, and the work and products guaranteed. To this day, none of our vehicles have ever had any issue with their tinting, and some vehicles are now 10+ years old! This is not one of those "here today, gone tomorrow" businesses. This is a family owned business and owners, Bob & Tami, are totally devoted and very involved in the business to ensure their customers get the best possible prices, that the work is done professionally, done to standard, and that their customers are happy and satisfied. Last month we decided to get the windows in our home tinted; WOW, what a great job. We contacted SunDanser and Tami came right out to give us an estimate and an awesome price too. Not long after that Bob came out and installed the tint, and we could feel the house cooling down before he was even done; not to mention how great the windows look from the outside. Again, the Sun Dancer team is very competent, knowledgeable, professional, and courteous. Don't waste your time going any place else when SunDanser is a proven winner!. We used Abraham Limo for our most recent event  (200 attendees). The professionalism was extraordinary from arrival until departure, everyone from the dispatcher to the drivers were spectacular. I highly recommend.. Lori was awesome during our son's first haircut! The facilities were clean and kid-friendly with a TV for our son to watch while he was getting his haircut. Highly recommended!. the owner know how to make my kitfo every time i go there!!!!!great service great food. Like everything at Bellagio, Circo exceeded my expectations. 

It's almost impossible to find authentic Italian cuisine in the states, but Circo comes close. The layout of the restaurant is exceptional and a number of the tables have a view of the Bellagio fountains. The restaurant is styled in a circus theme (as is Le Cirque next door). It's refreshing to find a fine dining restaurant set in such a light atmosphere.  

Food:

Ostriche (half dozen seasonal oysters, classic cocktail, mignonette sauce): Incredibly fresh oysters with delicious dipping sauces. 

Pici (hand rolled thick spaghetti, bolognese sauce, aged pecorino cheese): not a fan of the noodles, but the pecorino cheese was perfect. 

Tagliatelle (fresh tomato sauce and basil): My favorite thing on the menu by far, all of the flavors are extremely light and flavorful.

Circo isn't the best restaurant in Vegas, but it's worth checking out.. Cool. This place is the real deal. Im from New Orleans currently living in Colorado so I complain about seafood whenever I get the chance. Saw Hot n Juicy on Man Vs. Food and wanted to try it. The crawfish are cooked perfectly and did in fact taste as though they were flown in from Louisiana every morning. I asked the server which part but he didn't know.  
    The spices I tried were the traditional Louisiana and the Hot n Juicy special, both with medium spice. They were both excellent. The traditional is very similar to the crawfish boils I use to have in the backyard with my family. I initially got two pounds but then got another two pounds after that. At 10 bucks a pound, be prepared to spend about $60.00 for two people. 
    We also tried the sausage and sweet potatoe fries, again both were great. The fries were made to order and the sausage was very flavorful. My only complaint is that the potato that the comes with the crawfish (if you order two pounds) is very plain. It tasted like they boiled it by itself and then just threw it in with the crawfish. But anyone from New Orleans knows that the potatoes must be boiled with the crawfish and have the potential to be the most flavorful piece of food in the boil. My wife was also disappointed with the corn on the cob that was included, she stated that it tasted like it was just a cheap frozen corn. Im definitely going to revisit when I goto Las Vegas again.. Great place!! Ty has been cutting my hair for years, and does a great job every time. I would recommend anyone wanting a good haircut, coloring or spa treatment to come here. Friendly staff and great service too.. Had family dinner here and ha the Rib Eye Steak which was prepared as requested. Generous portion served. Did not feel like having the blue cheese mash potatoes (did not sound like a great combo) that it came with and the waitress substituted it for veggies with no problems. Overall the food experience was very good.

The ambiance was either retro 80's or they may need a little update.

Entered the main entrance to the resort and could not find any signage for the pointe in tyme but found it after driving around a bit.. Unlike the prior review, my waitress was quite nice. I was in for breakfast on a 1 hour layover. I had no complaints service was fast and friendly. I would say seats were a little over half full. I did find it funny that they were playing R&B at 8AM... Especially since the walls are covered with antique metal signs and the classic Rt. 66 flavor.

3 star food, 5 star service I rate it overall 4/5.. Ordinarily "mega" clubs are a huge turnoff for me. Especially ones that cater to mainstream dance music....and Marquee is certainly both of those things. But I can't lie - this place is GORGEOUS, has a bangin' soundsystem, really damn good resident DJ's, and is packed with some of the finest local and out of town women I have ever seen in my 37 years of existence. No....SERIOUSLY...packed to the gills with gorgeous females as far as the eye can see!!! And a tip of the hat to the bar staff - they make some obscenely strong drinks. Sure, they're expensive, but you're getting your $$'s worth. My tip tho - find a local with pull for the guestlist, otherwise you'll be in line for friggin' ever. When in Vegas - go get your Marquee on!. My 7 year old girl will eat here!  Chicken pakora is fried chicken tenders.  The vegetable samosa was the best I have had in the city.  Tandoori Mixed Grill is a very good choice at dinner, with the Chicken Tiki Masala and some rice, the meal was fabulous.J. This place is a great lunch spot!  The soup and salad buffet that's included with lunch is small but you don't come here for that anyway.  The meals are made with fresh ingredients, deliciously seasoned, with nice side features that are unexpected for a lunch under $10.  

I've had the Pad Khing Sod cause I'm a sucker for ginger but I've got my eye on that one with the kaffir lime leaves.... Justin, Andy, and the staff were outstanding. I was completely satisfied with their plan and support concerning my rehab. They helped me learn how to help myself  and heal. It was a pleasure to have met them all. I would recommend them and the facility to anyone who needs rehab.. This place is great.  Amazing deals.  Half off Teppanyakki.  The drinks and food were great.  What I didn't care for was the timing.

I understand that they want to fill a table before they have someone come out and cook the food.  We have two very small children.  We know weekend children dining etiquette (get your ass in the restaurant early and get the hell out before it get's busy) The problem was they kept us waiting for so long in between apps, salads and soups hoping someone would come in before it's time to teppan.  About 20 minutes after ordering our food and getting our salad and soup a party of three came in and sat next to us.  Now we have to wait for them to order their drinks, eat their apps etc before we can get our main course!  40 minutes into dinner, no entrees and our kids are getting cranky.

All of this was quashed once our Teppan guy showed up.  He was entertaining and energetic.  Great with the kids.  The bill came and it was next to nothing.  Hands down, cheapest dinner in a long time.  We will return.. OMG!  This store is amazing!  I am a frequent shopper at the Blakeney location, but this store is about 4 times bigger!  I had been telling myself to get over and check out the new diggs, but I rarely get to hang around the Southpark area.

In talking with some of the staff, this store used to be an old furniture store and they pretty much kept the layout... nice and open - great rubberized track flowing throughout that adds to the shopping experience as well as useful when trying on a pair of shoes and taking a spin (without going outside!).

I was sad since the new store took away the bike expert from the Blakeney store, but really they all rotate so the knowledge between all of their experts is a shared effort.  On this particular visit, I ran into Francisco and he was trying to get me out on a group ride - I haven't been on my bike for so long due to some other issues I was dealing with, but it was great that he remembered me.

A store like Try Sports is great for the community since it promotes a healthy, active lifestyle and really encourages people to live their lives!  If you are just getting into it, or a seasoned pro... this store is the perfect place to go for gear, equipment, advice, and finding friends.

I encourage everyone to join their Believe Achieve Club program that gives a good discount to store items.. This is the place to find many (but not all) of the unusual products. When you are looking for something usual, this should be the first place you go to. Also, they carry some of the jams from the Preservation Society. An amazing selection of hot sauces, so you can burn your mouth.. I've been using Jorge (ANP) for atleast 3 years now.  He's been fast, reliable and honest.  I've used him for help networking my chiropractic office, getting rid of virus's, and fixing my PC's as well as keeping them running fast.  
Today he switched out an 8 year old computer for a new one and got everything off the old slow PC and put it on the new one over my lunch hour so I my office's billing department and front desk didn't miss a beat.  He recently set us up with an off site backup of all our important data as well.  His prices are hood too.. Stopped in for a bite while visiting family. The tacos are a good size and the meats are well seasoned and tasty. The star of the show though was the empenada tapas and spicy mayo! They were bursting with flavor and generously stuffed! Service is great and food came out quick too!. Great lounge with plenty of seating options. The bartenders and servers are very friendly and quickly got us our drinks and we're constantly cleaning. The wifi works great and there are plugs for charging everywhere. Whether it's sleeping or hanging out at the bar watching sports, there are options here for everyone.. Including families as there is a separate game room for kids.. Visited on Wednesday around 6pm. It turned out it's related to Pacific. I recognized some of the people there. Welcomed by a smiling lady. Not many people, but food was abundantly replenished. Decor and lighting were nice. Nice layout with ample room to walk. Clean floor, table, and chairs. And clean male restroom with no bad odor (unlike Pacific).
Sushi was very good. Sashimi was never run out. There was even yellowtail sashimi! For $16, we would go there again and again.
Warm food that we liked were chicken wings, sesame balls, fried fish, sort of beef steak (forgot the name). Strawberries were awesomely sweet, even without chocolate covered from chocolate fountain.
Waitress Lisa (from Pacific) was friendly and efficient.
Patrons were friendly and we actually had conversations with some of them!
Overall good experience. So glad it's only 5 minutes away from our house. We will be back.... It's a little shop tucked away in the side but when I walked in the inside was very nicely decorated and the staff was exceptionally nice.. Because Baked Goods did an amazing job on my birthday cake! My girlfriend contacted her to make it as a surprise and it was delivered to the restaurant the day before for no extra charge. It was by far the most AMAZING birthday cake I have ever had! We even had it for several days after and it stayed just as moist and delicious as the first day. I would recommend this to anyone looking for any type of great baked goods.. This is my go to Chinese food joint. Their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing. They always seem to really appreciate my business when I come in. I will definitely visit again in the future.. Calling A1 was the best decision I made!  I was able to order the part I needed and have A1 Garage Door Service install it without a problem for my Genie opener.  Josh was also a big help.  Thank you for your wonderful service.. Tonight we visited this place to hang out with some peeps from out of town.  I have to say that for the most part, I love DCR.  This place has become the unofficial place for our CEO.  They actually named a shot after him.  Here's what I thought:

DRINKS:  I usually get an ordinary vodka, soda water and a lime.  I'm not to big on "foofy" drinks.  Simple is always better for me.  They do make their drinks strong and I think it's valid because the drinks are a little pricier than normal.  If you're into Absinthe or Fernet, you will like their mixed drinks.  I think highly of the place because of the way they make their drinks.  Their mixologists have really taken the time to perfect the right cocktail.  Their bartenders take the time to handcraft these drinks in a seemless manner, down to the way they shake their martinis...very chic.  

The shot that we have (named after my CEO) is called the "Delivering Happiness" shot.  This shot  contains Fernet, an herbal liquer.  Fernet is known as a digestive spirit, very aromatic and slightly bitter.  This shot also has whiskey and lime juice.  It's an aquired taste, true.  But trust me, the Fernet really helps stablize your stomach LOL.

AMBIANCE:  This place is super trendy, very chic and the low lighting offers a very intimate setting.  The decor is a bohemian theme with lots of wall art, a middle table seating and back VIP area.  The one thing this place is known for as being unique are the doors.  First, when you get in, be careful.  The glass is not the front door, it's the big metal wall to the left.  The bathroom has a one sided glass-mirror doors and walls.  When you're inside the stalls, you are able to look out as the walls are glass and see-through, however when you're looking towards the stall, it's a big mirrored wall.  The door leading to the DJ booth is a hidden door and looks like the entire wall.  Lastly, the door from the bartender's station to the backroom looks like it was made for little people.  It's half the height of a regular door.

All in all, this place has a speakeasy vibe that anyone would enjoy.  Great place to visit after a long day at work.  The ambiance allows you to properly wind down.  Lot's of executives frequent this place.  On the weekend, come early if you want proper seating.. Great spot with nice selection of tequilas.  Monster taco item on menu lets you sample every kind they have.
Nice patio, friendly staff.  Will definitely return.. I like eat a lot of vegetables and I love them stirfried why sees doesn't excellent job and I enjoy going there OK so then I've got there. Very happy I chose this place today for lunch. Very very friendly staff and a pretty darn good Burger! The french fries are not that great but that's alright that's why they got four stars instead of five, but I will definitely return for another one of these delicious burgers and wonderful service. I like to set up and the atmosphere also. Great quick stop for Cave Creek. Will definitely recommend to friends.. I recently went through this company for my friends bachelor party and we had a BLAST.  The limo driver picked us up on time on 2 occasions.  We used them to pick us up from the airport and to bring us back the day we left.  Everything was done very professional and they were very reasonably priced.  I will most definitely use this company again every time I plan a trip to Vegas.. very friendly and caring staff.  plus once you're in their system, you get email updates and reminders.  better than my doctor.. I was sad to see this place go for what appears to be the final time. Great store when it was at Fascist Square years ago, quirky when it was at kierland, and still had cool stuff at this off the beaten path location. Sad to think it may be down for the final time.. I came here on my birthday with my wife and two kids.  I'm officially the only one I've ever heard of who has come here before 10pm (other than for brunch).

The grown-ups got a bottle of private-import cremant that was really yummy.  We got the fois gras au torchon for the table, and it was good, but not spectacular.

Our little guy had house-smoked salmon and a side of frites, and they were both fantastic.  He's a small eater, so fortunately we all got to share.

Our bigger guy started with the salmon tartare with truffle oil, which was really delicious, but very intense and a lot of it, so he couldn't finish it, even with some help -- I can't imagine this as a main.  His main was the magret, which was tough for him to cut and chew;  I wished I'd been able to talk him into the short rib (partly because I wanted to try it!).

Pour entree, I had the blood pudding, and it lived up to its reputation (I've heard it's the best in Montreal), although I can't imagine this one as a main either, would just be too much.  I followed that with the duck confit, which was the best I've ever had.

My wife had the fish soup, which was super good, and the roasted black cod, which was probably the best dish of all, although it (alone) was a small portion.

The atmosphere is great, the service was flawless, they were fine with our having kids there at 8pm (thoughtfully hid us away in a corner), and honestly I'd give it only 4 stars but I can't figure out how to justify a deduction, so, whatever, 5 stars it is!  I gotta try that short rib next time.. we stayed here for 2 days. 5 stars for peaceful place. 5 star for staff friendliness. 5 star for the location (close to almost every place you want to go in the strip). 5 star for NO incidentals deposits on standard rooms.  5 star for almost everything.. I love our stay in treasure island.. we got a "welcome to the neighborhood" coupon in the mail for a free large pizza and just had lunch there.
EXCELLENT thin crust pizza!  best flavor we've found in a long time. 

service was quick and cheerful and salad bar was good !
we'll be back
thanks!
Richard and Janet. Nice little French place in the Lake Las Vegas Village.

Dropped in for dinner while staying at Ravella.  It's a small, cute restaurant with nice stall and tasty food.  They were very good our daughters, checked in regularly with us to ensure were were enjoying our meal, and the execution on our dishes was great.

The French Onion Soup is sweeter than what else I've experienced, but they make it work.  The Tartine I had and fish dish my wife had were both very enjoyable.. So bomb,like everyone else said. Good balance for my taste buds, really nice employees. 
I will never get those overpriced garbage tasting pastries at starbucks n other coffee shops ever again!!!
The pretzels roll and pudding danish is so on point.. Just had a portobelloni sandwich aka mushroom sandwich with blueberry blast smoothy . The sandwich was amazing (since I am a mushroom fan) and the smoothy was good but a little stingy (I expected a smother flavor since it had yogurt in it. My combination of the two wasn't a great one. Nevertheless, individually each item was amazing.

The restaurant location and capacity are above average . The patio seatings are good.My order took 10 minutes to be ready. They would certainly use improvement on the calling for order method. Staff was both helpful and friendly. Overall great place for breakfast and I would definitely be back.. They must have had a bad day. I got here, a few people were eating. I get to the counter and the employees keep looking at me but no one makes a move to take my order. Finally a young lady comes over. She doesn't know the log in for the point of sale.

A guy comes over. His hygiene has me worried. He was wearing gloves, but when he took them off I noticed the long fingernails with quite a bit of dirt underneath them. He didn't know how to work the point of sale man better than she did. It makes me wonder how the couple sitting there got their food. He took my order and had to call the manager (who apparently doesn't come to work?) to find out how to finish the transaction.

They take my name and say they'll call it when they finish with the sandwich. Luckily, long finger nails guy isn't making my sandwich. The guy that made it doesn't call my name, he calls my sandwich. Original on wheat. Why ask my name if you aren't going to use it??

Whatever, I have my sandwich. I unwrap it. I laugh. Harder than I should have. It's a brown brick. It looks like a brown brick. I decide I've come this far, might as well try it.

IT IS AMAZING. Seriously great sandwich. The roast beef is quality and the horseradish has some kick but not too hot.

So, I figure they've got the trainees today. They had me worried, but this sandwich made up for the lack luster service.. This is a friendly little place we like to visit for breakfast and lunch. Standard American fare but always done in a creative way. Service is always pleasant and attentive. It can get crowded and a bit noisy at times but you're never made to feel rushed. Parking in the area can be a bit difficult. For a small place the choices are diverse. I haven't had anything there that I didn't like. They know what they're doing.. I've never had such great customer service in years, until these guys showed up to my home.  They were very professional, courteous and very knowledgeable about their trade.  They put us at ease within minutes even though our entire home was flooded.  I'd recommend this company to anyone in need of their services.. This is another one of those places that I really enjoy going and hanging out with friends on a Saturday afternoon. I am not going to tell anyone this is the best sushi I have ever had, but it is good and you can't beat the Saturday special or the happy hours. What makes this place is the relaxed welcoming atmosphere and the service. The people who work here have worked here for a long time and I have gotten to know a few over the years.  What does that tell me?  It tells me that they actually like where they work. I even told the staff that I moved into the neighborhood to be closer to Moto. I was only half joking.  So if sushi is not your thing, or you have an appetite for a non-sushi Asian inspired dish, try the bowls... My personal favorite, the exit wound.. Lot 17 is a great meeting place in the Bloomfield section of Pittsburgh; it's one of my favorite places for lunch meetings.

They have great daily specials and the sandwiches and salads are superb.  

The sweet potato fries are pretty amazing.. Called in an order for 4 sandwiches and only had to wait 2 or 3 minutes after we arrived for them. Good service, good sammies and happy eaters.. My regular Dentist recently moved to another state and I have been searching for another office closer to my home for myself and family's dental needs.  I read all the reviews posted here but my sister is a patient and encouraged me to ignore the reviews and give them a try.  She told me that the entire staff is new and wonderful.  Boy am I glad I took her advice.  I ended up just walking in because I had a crown fall off.  After taking a few minutes to fill out the initial new patient paperwork I was brought back for an x-ray of the area where the crown used to be.  The Assistant who took the x-ray was wonderful, friendly, and the x-ray only took several minutes.  I was then brought back to another room where I was quickly seen by the Assistant and the Dentist.  The whole time they were looking at my tooth they were telling me what was wrong and what would need to be done to correct the issue.  I ended up having decay under the crown which caused the crown to come loose.  The Dentist quickly did a filling on the tooth and the crown was glued back in place.  Top it all off, the Dentist noticed a second cavity in one of my front teeth (I always thought it was just brown stain).  She asked if I wanted to have that one fixed as well since I was already in the chair.  I went ahead and had that tooth done as well.......no more brown spot.  My total time in the chair was only about 40-45 minutes.

I have no clue what problem the other people had with the office or staff, but my experience was the best I have ever had at the dentist.  Heck, I didn't even feel the shot when they numbed my mouth.  The staff were all friendly/cheerful, the Doctor was wonderful.  Next appointment is next month for 2 more fillings.  I will highly recommend this office to all my friends.. Good food and free wi-fi.  This place is rapidly becoming THE neighborhood meeting spot for breakfast.  Love it.. I had never heard of this place, but was with a friend that last minute got a call from another friend to meet there for dinner. Upon checking out the menu, I was pleasantly surprised at all the vegetarian options available. They even had the quorn brand imitation meat, which in my opinion tastes the best. I really wanted to try the Veggie Rosemary "Chicken" pasty, but unfortunately they were out that night. I decided to try the Veggie Spicy Asiago "Chicken" pasty, and it was amazing. It had a croissant-like flaky crust, and the flavors blended together perfectly. The staff was friendly and the prices were good. I'm definitely going back to try the Veggie Rosemary "Chicken".

Edit: Went back to try the Veggie Rosemary Chicken pasty and it was awesome. My friend was with me from out of town and had the Veggie Greek pasty, and loved it as well.. The new Big Ben doesn't quite have the appeal of the old location, but it's still well worth a visit. The interior especially gives off a great vibe - enhanced by the friendly service - and it is one of those places that is completely different from what you would expect when walking up to a relatively nondescript building on the outside.

While the menu contains all manner of meaty fried things, it's probably better not to ask precisely what is in some of them, and just dig in and enjoy along with a fresh pint (or so), which helps to not worry quite so much about what you are eating.

Charlotte does not have a bunch of options when you get outside of certain food groups, so having Big Ben come back on the scene is definitely a good thing.. Dined here back in June, and had an amazing time. So much fun. Food was delicious, creative, and presented with knowledge from our waiter. They were kind, patient and polite, since we were pretty drunk and had a lot of questions....Ordered the porron, which we got for free since we posted ourselves to Instagram pouring it in our mouth! Loved every second of it, and am planning to head down to D.C to dine at his other location. I forget what they gave me, but for my birthday and getting out of the Navy I got a free dish or dessert..Can't remember what it was though!. Worth the wait on a Sunday. Excellent corned beef hash, pancake and biscuit  and gravy.. An awesome restaurant!  A very relaxed upscale restaurant with fantastic service and incredible food.  It really is that good.... 1st time here, ordered the chorizo burrito to which I added potato, cheese and bacon...came out to almost $7 but it was huge and delicious!  Only ate half before I got full and saving the rest for later. Will return soon.. I remember reading some reviews about 186 so thought I'd check it out. We cleaned out with our couple over filled wagons of goods even forgot we didn't have much room in the car. Was like we was practicing for the SUPER MARKET SWEEP. 

They have a good selection Hawaiian goods here even the Maui sliced pickle takuan which I haven't eaten since I was back in Hawaii. 

Like their fresh in tanks clams, oysters, crabs, prawns, and stone fish. The have a good selection of fish that were on ice, some did look old though. They'll clean your fish but from what the guy behind the counter told me, they don't fry it, even with a big fryer behind him. Maybe they were going to remove it? 

They have a nice selection of everything, spices, fish sauces and other sauces, snacks, desserts, boba and halo halo ingredients might even save me from driving all the way to Seafood City. Cheaper fruits and veggies like Food4Less. Papayas from Hawaii. A bakery with cakes and pastries and little restaurant in the corner. Cheap bag of 40 lbs jasmine rice for under $20. Spacey place. N9NE Group, I love how you guys and dolls take care of me.

Everytime I've gone to Vegas I gotten a table here, it's one of the best ways to rock it in Sin City. Beautiful people gravitate toward the Palms, and the uber-attractive rise to the roof to experience Ghostbar. 

For an appropriate price (by Vegas standards), you and your friends can reserve a table and get lifted while gazing at the Vegas skyline. The liquor is plentiful and the waitresses will take care of you. These ladies are on it, treating you with great table service and they're not that bad too look at either ;)

Even if you don't get a table, it's worth the wait in line. For those who like to chill with friends over some stiff drinks and/or dance to the music of a dope dj, Ghostbar definitely provides that atmosphere. 

And don't forget to walk out on the balcony and look through the plexiglass flooring. It'll get your jollies going haha. Good, inexpensive Thai cuisine, well presented and no corners cut even as they keep their prices down. The service is friendly and the place is cozy and conveniently located. While parking in front of this commercial strip facing St. Joe's hospital is very limited, there is ample parking behind - as is known by those who frequent the popular 5th Avenue Cafe which happens to be their neighbor.. Best pancakes sausage and hot chocolate I have ever had fast and courteous service a must eat destination for chocolate lovers. Nice find in Vegas!  First of all, the price was very reasonable.  It's a small neighborhood restaurant but the food is good.  Thai dishes for less than $7 is a bargain when we're used to paying more for similar dishes in San Francisco.  The chicken larb we tried is one of the best we've had anywhere.  Their crab fried rice had a real fresh crab taste.  Beware of the spicy level they ask for the food on a 1-10 scale with 10 being the hottest.  We wanted 8 on all our dishes we ordered and it was a little too hot even though we are accustomed to spicy food.. What a great restaurant. The food was excellent but the service was superb.
Brandon was outstanding and is the only reason why I would ever come back here.
We need more people to come here as this is a great hidden gem. Bon appétit. The best ever. The Tuna is Ruby Red, not pink!

Open a yelp account just for this review. Don't waste your time with other location.. I did go back to this place after my first review and again I had really good service! Like the first time. I liked the fact that someone was going around asking for suggestions on how to make the place better, shows that they care about their customers. It was just a first bad experience, I definitely want to try the rest of the menu! And my favorite beer Victoria on draft!. Great Concept. 
Great Food. 
Great Wine. 
Great Service. 
Oh, did I tell you...amazing! 
Defiantly has now become our "TO GO" place! 
Congrats on you all.. Been to New Orleans...this place is just as good as anything there.  Today's shrimp in cream sauce was outstanding.. I was surprised, for airport pizza that this was fairly good. I got a slice of the Wall Street and the Brooklyn (I think). Both were meat pizzas, but the Wall Street had better flavors and more toppings. The crust was awesome, I think they brush it with a garlic butter. The sauce was average and a good ratio of cheese and sauce.. FREE sandwich for your birthday for joining the E-Club!!

I got the "BIG DAD" pork sandwich-pork on texas toast!! Fantastic!! I really like their HOT bbq sauce just the right amount of heaT!

I'm addicted to the Brunswick Stew & of course I had to get some! Sooooo Good!!

It doesnt get any better than FREE and even though this place is in BFE and probably cost $10 in gas it was definitely worth it!!. I've been eating French Fry Heaven all over Florida and I see now I'll get a chance to get me some when I visit my office in Tempe (another reason to love my job). Gotta start thinking of what I'll be getting....Pulled pork spuds with jalapenos if I'm real hungry or Garlic Parm fries with Pink Himalaya salt if I'm just jonesing for some tasty frites. mmmm. Coming out there (not) soon (enough)!. Really fun place to gamble. The tables have good limits and the atmosphere was great. They play live music and the crowd seemed to really enjoy it. Had some good luck here and wish I could have played longer, but it was already 4am. I would go back here.. This is a dangerous place in the best possible way! The sandwiches are massive and delicious. Fries, coleslaw and cheese and assorted meats all go on top of two giant pieces of white bread. They don't even bother with plates. 

This place was recommended by friends who had eaten here and locals who I talked to. Despite being very famous the place retains its charm, local character and cheap ass drinks! Try the drunk duck. 7.50 for a giant glass of 4 kinds of liqour. (Pictures to follow). All of the positive reviews for this place is legit. I came here right before flying out of Phoenix; definitely in the top 3 Mexican restaurants that I have ever been to. Food was extremely flavorful and the portion was big from what I remember.. Absolutely one of the best places for a cup of coffee. Scratch that. It's amazing for the coffee, snacks, meals, and of course the atmosphere. I'm not a hipster. Many of those who are deny being hipster as well. It's not hip. But Lux is a hipster hangout to be sure. 

Why? Because the staff are friendly, the food is of the best homemade quality you can find, and the drinks are very well crafted. The coffee roast and grind are perfect. We ship bags to our daughter living in the UK, where the shipping cost double the bag. It's that worth it. 

The pastries and small plates are amazing. The Whoopie Pie is incredible. The breakfasts are filling and VERY well put together. I favor the biscuits and gravy with eggs....amazing. Overall the place can't be beat for a 2-3 hour stay. Get there early.. Finally made it here. Been trying to get here since they opened. Was so good. Chicken and mushroom, El Capitan, Cubano and Greek. ALL delish. Hot crispy and fresh. Black beans and rice were nice with their salsa. The cabbage slaw was crazy salty So I ate it with the rice and beans. Spend the extra $6.50 and get the fried plantains. So good with the cream dipping sauce.. These guys are located right downtown, making it easy to pickup and drop off shirts for dry cleaning. Prices seem reasonable and their turn-around times are good. Last time they miscounted the number of shirts but didn't charge me for the extra one. The lady who works there gets pretty cranky if you come in at the end of the day but she does good work. My only request would be to extend the hours a little on weekdays so its easier to get there after work hours.. I saw this place on Food network and was surprised we have this famous Cajun restaurant here in Las Vegas. I decided to take my fiancee for a never-before crawfish experience. 

We were there on Tuesday night about 8:00PM and there was plenty of open seating. After we were seated, we were given the first-timer instruction on how to order. 

We ordered 2lbs of crawfish(hot & juicy mild) included 1 potato & 1 corn, 1 lb of shrimp (galic butter mild), 1 soft shell crab basket include Cajun fries, and 2 cokes. We really wanted to order oysters but they ran out, that's why we ordered the shrimp. 

The taste of the spices was very good, and garlic butter was wonderful. We both loved the seasoning very much. But there was one problem for us, we realized that we don't like crawfish. We never had crawfish before this night, at least not a properly prepared crawfish meal. We manage to finish all 2 lbs of it because the spices was just that good. On the other hand, the shrimp was so good, the large amount of garlic in that buttery sauce made the shrimp so sweet and tasty. We just can not stop eating the shrimp!!! And the soft shell? nothing worth mentioning, except for the Cajun fries we dipped and ate with the sauce in the crawfish/shrimp bags.

The whole experience was pretty good, the whole meal cost us $57 which I thought was a little high. We decided if we go back, we would order shrimp only and call to make sure they have oysters before we go again.. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, fast service and good food. Worth a trip.. Stayed here in October of 2011 and really enjoyed it. I loved the decor in this hotel, but I'm a sucker for a modern look. It's in an excellent location, only one block from Sainte-Catherine. I was actually able to find parking around the block, where I kept my car for a couple of days without an issue. There was something really nice, almost life changing, about having a mirror (from the chest up) in the shower. I've wanted one in my apartment ever since. Anyway, being in such a great location, and affordably priced, I would definitely consider staying at Hotel Zero-1 next time I'm in Montreal. It might be my go-to on trips where I don't feel like splurging.. The oatmeal pancakes with the peach capote are wonderful. My grandmother use to make oatmeal pancakes with peach capote (and strawberry capote & plum capote). That dear lady died 25 years ago, but eating the oatmeal pancakes here took me back to my childhood in east Texas.

The grits are fantastic and the biscuits may be the best I've ever tasted. I live in Dallas but occasionally travel to CLT for business, and every trip has at least one meal here.. Not a bad atmosphere. Wings weren't bad. Only drawback: Hours are kinda restricted at times, It's kinda bright inside, and not much vibe.. Impeccable service. Amazing atmosphere. Incredible food. 

The company I was with had pretty tame tastes in cuisine, so I had to go straight to the beef. The bone-in ribeye for 2 was by far the most amazing steak I've ever had... Something about the olive oil and sea salt drizzled over the steak after carving seemed so simple, yet it invigorated every taste bud at first bite.  

This is definitely at the top of my to-do list the next time I'm in Vegas!  Kudos to Bastianich and Batali for creating such a masterpiece!. Went to the Cut last weekend with my gf. We made late reservations on a Monday. Want busy at all when we arrived. The service was absolutely amazing as we always had 2 to 3 people waiting on us. The presentation and thorough explanation of the meats before we order was very helpful and informative. Although prices were a bit steep, that was expected. The food was amazing! Steak was cooked to perfection. The sides were on point and my drink was made exactly how I ordered. Only issue was they ran out of the alcohol I wanted but that wasnt a big deal. Definitely going back soon! One of my favorite spots in Vegas!

-Joe. Hands down the best tacos in Pittsburgh.. I've lived in Vegas nearly 40 years and am not a big fan of buffet food. But this is one buffet I'd enjoy eating at again.

Clean, friendly and tasty. Highly recommended! A large selection as well!. The taste of the food I give 5 stars some of the best I have ever had.  Only issue.....I had to send my wellington back twice.  Over cooked once then under cooked.  I would still go back everything was excellent!!  Pricey but worth it.. My name is Jeffery Mayse, and I wanted to share my recent experience with Fletcher Jones Collision Center, in Las Vegas, NV.
On November 20th 2012, I was involved in a major accident that I was sure totaled my brand new truck. My insurance company had recommended Fletcher Jones Collision Center for the repairs and at that time I was skeptical because I had had several bad experiences in the past with body shops that the insurance companies recommended. 
I agreed to Fletcher Jones preforming the estimate and repairs because I was sure the truck was toast and they would total it due to the extent of the damage. Well, to my surprise the truck was not totaled and they started the repairs. 
I was concerned with this because I just knew the color wouldn't be right, the lines would be off, it would drive different, and my brand new truck wouldn't be brand new to me anymore. 
The repairs took 4 months due to parts availability issues, but I have to say that it was well worth the wait!!!  When I picked up my truck from Fletcher Jones Collision it looked like it did when I first laid eyes on it on that showroom floor. It was as good as brand new again!!   I have had the truck back for a couple weeks now and it drives and looks as it did the day that I bought it. 
I want you to know that I am VERY impressed with Fletcher Jones Collision Center, and Wesley Hatch. Wes kept me up to date on everything that was going on and calmed me down when I would get worked up over how long it was taking and when I would express my concerns on how it would look and drive after the repairs.  "Which I know was all the time, so he should get a gold star for putting up with me"
Your company and Wesley Hatch have earned a customer for life!!!   If I am ever involved in a collision again or anyone that I know is involved in one just know that I will be giving you my business. 

Thank you, 

Jeffery Mayse. I've always like Dunkin. The 'Old Fashion' is my favorite donut. The reason that This particular place is getting a 4 star over a 3 star is because I had an issue with a thermos style cup that we bought for my wife. I had taken it back and got a bit of a runaround so I emailed corporate and was contacted by the store manager. I explained what happened to her and the next time I was in the area, the manager had a replacement thermos style cup, of a different style because the one we had was no longer available, waiting for me. While it was a bit of an inconvenience to have to go the route that I did, my issue was resolved.. Honest repair at a decent price.  I took my car in to have an electrical issue looked at  after a downpour.  Northside did a diagnostic on it for 45 minutes, but did not charge me. He pronounced it water intake due the enormous puddle I drove through, but I should return if the problem persisted.  It did not.  Thanks for letting me off easy, Jeff!. So far, I've just been here with the family for pool and soft drinks.

This isn't a seedy pool hall--this is a sports bar and grill with pool tables, a dart machine, and more.  While most of their income, no doubt, is from cocktails and beer at the bar, you also see people here having lunch and dinner, sometimes looking up at the tv to see the Cardinals or the Diamondbacks play.

I haven't had the food yet, but the place is friendly and with a good atmosphere, so I see a point sometime soon where I'll take the family there for a meal and another game of pool.  I'll be sure to scratch on the break like I often do, but at least we'll all be having fun.. Glendale! Really? Yes!!!

This place will make the few minutes it took to get out to Glendale SO worth while. Mama I will talk this place up and thanks for the great recommendations! The White Pizza was killer (got to love the butter though)

Hey Girl! Love you Sandra. C&R Tire is an amazing shop with friendly, professional people.

Last night I noticed a screw in my tire. I managed to limp home on my donut, but knew it would not be safe to drive down the highway to work this morning.
I found C&R online and noticed they opened at 7. At 6:45 I called and Tracy picked up, helping me to find the shop. From the get-go she was extremely friendly and I felt like I would be in good hands.

When I arrived, they quickly got me up and running in about half an hour. The friendly people at C&R even put my donut back in the car and secured all of my parts that I had out when I jacked the car up last night. 

These are great people doing a great job. I will be back every time I need work done with the car.. Delicious food, fair prices, only knock is they don't take Amex.. This place is awesome! I always order from this place as I lived just a street away. Their Salmon Steak dinner is always good. The restaurant itself is a little small, I think their main business is delivery and take out, but what they did to that limited space is impressive. Other places could take a lesson or two in great customer service from the folks working here. Everything is reasonably priced and as someone who loves quirky stuff, they have a black colored toilet in the bathroom. Which was really clean too, by the way.. Delicious thai ice teas and pad thai. Yellow curry is my wife's favorite and having several  levels of hotness make this a great place on the west side!. Happy Hour All Day Everyday

1/2 price on appetizers
$1.50 Cheesburger Sliders
$2.50 for domestic beers

It doesn't get any better than that. Any time you need a slider fix, you can go to "Happy Hour" at T.G.I. Friday's at the Suncoast Hotel Casino. Happy hour lasts ALL DAY LONG (I think this goes for all TGIF locations in Vegas).  I've only tried their wings and I just love the sliders for a late night munch... I'll be going back soon to try their other appetizer dishes! At half off! What a deal!. Best Indian I have had so far in Pittsburgh.  Food is well spiced, and the saag is probably the best I have ever had.  Naan left a little bit to be desired.

Service is a bit sloppy, slow, easily flustered but friendly nonetheless.  They got my order wrong and didn't offer to fix it... probably because I was happy with what they sent out and had already eaten half of it :-)

All in all, I will go back.. Great food- will go back.. Everything we ordered was very good. Pizza was very good. I got an Italian stromboli and it was amazing.  Would order there again.. There pizza is amazing and homemade Ordered take out and it was made in about 20 to 25 mins. Have never ate in the restaurant but when I went and picked up our food, they were so nice and friendly. The owner is a nice italian man.. So last time I was here in this plaza I notice 5 restaurants. But Monta had a line just to get in. Like out the door make you think that place must be Good kind of line. If you ain't one of the first 25 ppl in there as soon as they open. You gonna wait. Either way a wait well Worth It. So far The Best Ramen I ever had.. Small place, hard to spot, worth the search! Great food, drinks, and the staff was super friendly and helpful. Amazing hidden gem.. U.S Egg recently opened in the space where "Blue Plate Brunchery" had been....  Same menu as their other locations.  We had the Veggie Benedict, Breakfast Burrito, Biscuits and gravy, and the fruit platter...

they have just opened but everythign was good and the service was attentive.

Only complaint was that teh potatoes were undercooked, but I am not a big fan so it was no biggie.... Greatest tacos here in Vegas, for an amzing price. No other taco place can compare with these!. I love this place! Lovely place to enjoy quiet mornings with a senior cup of coffee. I bring in my computer, hook up to wireless and catch up on morning work. The staff are the best, the dining area is always clean, flowers on the tables, and a comfortable nook for quiet time that has a view around--not jammed away in a shopping area overlooking rapid traffic. 

All the window tables have electricity, inviting those of us who enjoy computer work. Yet I have never found the dinning room too crowded so that I feel I am taking dining space from others.

What can I say about the food? Well, it is McDonald's so hamburger fare is what you get. The coffee is super; I never find myself missing Starbucks. 

I second the mention of the beautiful chandelier in the center of the dining area--beautiful and classy. All in all, I count this location as my favorite McDonald's in Las Vegas.. Your typical taco stand which is perfectly fine!. Hamburger heaven!  Juiciest burgers ever and the best combination of toppings I've seen in a while.  I particularly like the black and blue burger I think it's called.  Comes with onion strings and blue cheese crumbles...to die for!  As with all Red Robin locations...endless fries....enough said.  I just wish the fries were of the shoe string type and not the steak style but no worries, still great.  My girlfriend and I stopped in at 1:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed so that's always a good indicator that the food is really good.  The service was fine, seating took a little bit, but nothing to really complain about and the food took a little longer than expected to reach the table but again, they were busy!

Still one of my favorite hamburger spots...EVER :). I evaluate all the Restaurants based on the cleanliness and atmosphere, Service of Staff, Quality, quantity, taste and presentation of food that proportionate to the price.

Atmosphere -  4 star, nice decor and spacious, little too crowded maybe due to the food is good.

Service of Staff -  5 star, friendly staff and waitress.
Quality and Quantity of food portion for the price - 5 star,  special dessert and good variety of food.

$18.95/person for lunch.. My pops and I stopped into QC Cafe this morning for a small town style breakfast. The fact that these kind of places can be hit or miss and seeing the not-so-great reviews on Yelp I wasn't expecting much. Once our food came out I knew I was wrong. It looked delicious and tasted just the same. I had Eggs, ham, and hash browns with a side of biscuits and gravy. The eggs were perfectly greasy, probably cooked right next to the ham with its juices helping to add flavor. The biscuit and gravy was good and the hash browns were so-so (but lets face it when do you have great hash browns? They're always just so-so) My dads breakfast burrito looked good and he exclaimed just as much, The tortilla was big and fresh and it came with a side of salsa.

If you want a no-frills good and cheap breakfast, this is definitely your spot.. For the special prices that are readily distributed by HR or other various deals sites, you can't beat the value of staying here!

I've always had a great room, great food and drinks, great people watching, great music, and an overall good time here.  This is easily one of my favorite staycation spots!. This review is extended because I've had some time to think about how I really felt about it... and there's really a lot to talk about.  

In the sea of buffets in Vegas, there are a few that stand out... Bacchanal at Caesars, Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, and now, the buffet at SLS.

The SLS buffet is not as big as the other two and there's not as much variety, but some of the things that they do well, they do very well.

Before we get into it though, I will mention that they just opened not very long ago, and so I'm sure they are changing and making tweaks every day.

The buffet's variety is limited as I mentioned before.  And at times, it feels unbalanced.  

Ok, let's get to the Chinese section.  Dim sum.  Whose bright idea was it to bring dim sum to Las Vegas buffet?  Was it Bacchanal?  I don't care.  I love it  I can't get enough of it.  I'm from Hong Kong so I know my dim sum and this is legit.  They come in cute individual bamboo steamers too.  I love a good presentation.  Oh, and something about their spring rolls.  They're like crack.  Crispy and the vegetable filling hits the spot.  I'm not sure how many of those I ate.

They had XO Rolled Rice Noodles.  I have never seen that at a buffet before.  This is a very Cantonese dish.  Rolled rice noodles woked with spicy XO sauce.  Delicious and comforting.  And then there's the chow mein.  Ho-hum.  Chow mein.  WAIT!  No, this is no ordinary chow mein.  This is Cantonese style soy sauce chow mein ("soy sauce king" chow mein).  Clearly, they've got a Cantonese chef back there!  Hello!  I can eat just in the Chinese section of the buffet and be happy.

With that said, there are some very specialized dishes there.  Namely, the pork knuckles and chicken feet.  They're not for me, but I know people who like them.  But I also know far more people who don't... and this might be one of those things that can be sacrificed to make room for more variety.  Even the XO Noodles and soy sauce chow mein are pretty niche in my opinion, as much as I love them.  But I'm not complaining that there's good Canto food here.

Let's move away from my variety issue, and get on to what else they have.  Sushi is well represented here, and surprisingly fresh.  Buffet tuna can often be a little mushy.  But the tuna here has nice texture, and tastes great.  Definitely go get yourself some sushi here. 

The meat station... I tried the prime rib.  I have yet to find a buffet that has decent prime rib which is why I avoid it if I can. But they nailed it.  It was juicy, tender, and well seasoned.  I'm pretty impressed.

Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the cold seafood station.  Peel and eat shrimp... It was overcooked and having to peel shrimp shells was a pain.  I get that having the shrimp shells on provides more flavor (I often cook shrimp with the shells on myself), but when you overcook the shrimp, the shells won't save you.

The crab legs were good.  On par with Caesars.

Let's move on to the desserts... The good: salted peanut butter ice cream.  It is exactly how I imagined it to be, and it was delicious.

But unfortunately the rest of the desserts were disappointing.  I didn't try their cupcakes and brownies or the many variations of them (blondies).  They just looked dense and heavy, and after a big meal, that's not what I'm looking for.  I did try their tiramisu, and that was pretty sad.  Likewise for their chocolate mousse and cannoli.  The desserts just seemed very one-dimension.

I would have appreciated maybe chocolate dipped strawberries, maybe something tart?  Lighter desserts.   I think they can benefit from a new pastry chef.

Let's talk service.  Service is amazing.  Top notch.  Attentive and friendly wait staff, and the manager was always visible.  Can't ask for more.

So let's go back to my obsession about variety.  During the meal I felt the buffet was missing a station, and I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  I think it might be just snack/finger foods.  As silly as it sounds, one of my favorite things to get at Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal is snacks.  Fries, sweet potato tots, chips... whatever.  Simple stuff, right?

Overall, I had an enjoyable experience, and I know this place can (and will) get better.  I will be back (especially since I have 2 free buffets from their player's club! :). Great atmosphere reminds me of the old diners I used to go to growing up reasonable prices and good service and highly recommended. This place is quite tasty, good portions and reasonably priced for Vegas! I ordered the beef chow fun and it was quite yummy. I really like the decor and the food came out in about 5 minutes.  If you can't wait for the buffet I would try this place. Lots of Asians eating here so must be good!. This place is my staple for a sandwich when I am hungry. I will admit the fact I can get a delivery at 2:00 am has been a perk at times. I get a nice consistent sandwich every time.. OK if you can believe it ,we finally made it here and they were open. It was a Friday night and we called before coming, just to make sure that they would be open.
If you read my reviews you know that i had gone to the one in Tempe 3x's and every time they were closed.

Anyway, here we are. If we did not know what we were looking for we never would of found it.   It is located in a very strange shopping center. So it is not like you would just be driving by and say ,hey let's stop here ,there is a great looking place to eat.

Well, we were seated right away and then we sat. We sat for a very long time. They were quite busy. But, they only had 2 Servers. Plus one bus person.
It was clear they were very overwhelmed. 
They need at least 4 servers and The Bartender should help a bit I think.
He was just standing behind the bar doing a whole lot of nothing while everyone else seemed to be working hard.

It is decorated nicely. We modern Europe for sure.
One of the bus girls that came later explanied some of the terms on the menu ,which we were not familar with and then so did the waiter.
Luckily we had ordered an appitizer or we would of starved for sure.
45 min it took to get our meals. 
We had to flag someone down several times to get drink refills. Other wise we were just sitting there with no food and no drink.

I think the owner should of been going around doing everyones drinks or something. She was going around talking to guests. But, she should be an active part of the serving process as well. When you see your staff is falling behind, you have to help them.
 When the food did come out it was fantastic! I mean truly fantastic.
So that is why I am giving them 4 stars. I would eat there again because, great food is the only reason. 
Please get more help. You need more people working there.

Bathrooms are nice and clean, and there is lots of parking in the lot.

If you bring childern with you, make sure you bring them something to eat and  something to do while they wait for there food.. On Thursday of last week I stopped at the Lowe's facility in Peoria.  I was seeking a small patio table to match a set we bought over a year ago at Lowe's in Scottsdale. The table was not in stock but within a few minutes a Lowe's employee had it ordered, paperwork done, and promise it would be shipped in approx 3 days.
To my surprise the table arrived at my house around noon on Saturday.  48 hours total from order to delivery is pretty darn good!
I am sorry I did not get employees name but he was great and the service obviously was just as great.. excellent service. excellent decor.  excellent food and an oasis from the norm in and around Las Vegas.. Read the reviews and was excited to try this place for lunch.  The food was excellent and the bread was super tasty.  Go with a pumpkin chocolate chip cookie...may be the best ever made.  In fact get two.  They are delicious.. Very satisfactory dining experience. Loved the ambience.. Very hip and trendy. All the servers were polite and courteous hipsters. Fantastic selection of craft beers. Menu offered a plethora of new American cuisine. I indulged in the Black Mussels steamed in Stella Artois. This paired well with an IPA. Service could have been a little quicker, but besides that.. No complaints from me. Being close to ASU, I would have expected more raucous students. It was a very balanced crowd though. Young professionals, married couples with children, and students all mingled and enjoyed the good food. I highly recommend Culinary Dropout to anyone looking for a laid back night out on the town!. If you're looking for great hip hop in Vegas, this is the place to go. Definitely one of my favorite places to go out in Vegas. Just a lot of people who want to go out and have a great time.

There were eight of us, so we went the bottle service route. Best decision of the weekend. Hector took care of us the whole night. Kept coming back to make sure we were having a good time (which we were). The place was completely full, so it was good that we had a table to come back to. It didn't hurt that we got to skip most of the line coming in as well.

Will definitely come back here next time Vegas calls me back.. One of the best pastrami sandwiches in town.  Try the Centennial Hills Rachel.. Loved this place. I had the Hubert Keller Burger. The buffalo was nice and medium as i ordered it. Caramelized onions and some crumbled blue cheese were the perfect accessories to this already flavorful burger. It came with some auju on the side that was spot on.The onion rings were good but i really enjoyed the Mozzarella sticks, with a nice side of marinara sauce. I wish i was not full after the meal, i really wanted to try the Nutella shake, SOON!!. The excellent service was my favorite part of the dining experience.  We had a slight issue with extra charges not being explained when we swapped side dishes, but it was only a matter of a few bucks.

The steak fritte was very tasty but the french fries were insane!. This place really is fantastic.  In a world of faceless, big box hardware warehouses filled to the ceiling with wares and employed by complete morons or lifeless zombies, Paul's Ace is heaven-sent.  I have never had a bad experience here, in fact, quite the opposite.  Every trip has been a buying pleasure. 

As you enter the store you are greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable staff member who will point you in whatever direction you need to go.  It seems like every aisle you turn down there is a smiling, happy face to greet you and to assist you with whatever you need.  Not to mention these guys/gals really know their stuff.  They seem to LOVE hardware.  They are more than happy to, without even asking, carry your items to the counter for you and even offer to carry them out to your car.  Real class acts.

The best part of this place is that they are not corporate neutered pussies and will actually offer services the "other guys" won't because of rules imposed by some bullshit corporate mandate out of fear of a law-suit.  Fuck faceless corporations and fuck attorneys.

Pau's Ace isn't as big as the other guys, and you may pay a few pennies more, but it is worth EVERY penny.  Plus, if you're like me and equate time with money, you actually come out ahead of the game by shopping here because you don't waste your precious time wading through 100,000 sq/ft of bullshit staffed with complete dockles.  No self-checkout here with a toothless, ogrish overseer, great service from start to finish.  OH, they've got a great popcorn machine too!. Did not try too many items as our shrimp mousse appetizer and soft shell crab salad were filling and very good.  The mango for the mango and sticky rice could have been sweeter.  Prices were reasonable for Vegas and most of the other customers were Asian.  Service was fast and efficient.. Always a great burger. Not the cheapest....their "regular" burger (consisting of 2 patties), fries and a drink will cost you almost $15. Yup. No kidding. BUT it is a really REALLY good burger. 

I got their bacon cheeseburger and put my "free" ($15 "free") toppings on it and it hit my craving for a gut grenade. Very juicy and delicious.

They missed this time on their fries though....which are normally really good. But they undercooked mine this time. I wonder HOW they screwed that up since the fryers are on timers? Hummmm?

Hey all in all I love 5 Guys. Just wish it didn't cost so damn much.. Everything is great here from the people to the service. Mrs. Dee took time to cook for me even though it was about to close. Support her and her family eat there you will love it. Super drinks good atmosphere.   Good food... It just feels like it good be better with the food. Big fan of the show. It's a blast to get to see the shop that I watch every week. The restorations look far better in person. Cool to see the bone yard. Tyler welcomed us. Very nice! He did not rush us taking pictures. If you're a fan and happen to stop in Vegas, you gotta stop by.. Really a great place with the very best "last nights meatloaf " that melts in your mouth! 
Happy Hour margarita was very good as well! I will be back!!!. First time eating at the Brooklyn Bowl with my family. We went during the daytime after getting off the High Roller. I've been wanting to go to this place so I had very high expectations. To make a long story short, BB lived up to the hype. Great ambience, great food and great staff. They made a mistake with my son's meal and quickly fixed it. We enjoyed everything we ordered. I had the fried chicken and although it is not  your greasy flavored filled fried chicken, it was very good. I can't wait to come here again.

My only complaint is that most of their tables are hightops, which are not kid friendly. Other than that BB gets two thumbs up.. Great food, excellent service, good atmosphere. In my opinion this show is MUCH better, a lot better props, some of the old skits, but overall the show is a crowd pleaser....the ending is so much fun!. Wasabi Martini was amazing with great heat!

Singapore noodles were delicious.

Super friendly bartender (Joe) and staff!. Good service, solid menu, and descent prices. Been here several times and I have always had a good experience.. Excellent food with great ambiance. We came here as we were wandering through the MGM looking for a decent meal before we started off our night. We approached the hostess and were able to get a table within about 10 minutes of arriving on a Saturday night. The cocktail menu had some nice creations on there if you are the mixology sort. We were seated in a glass enclosed booth with its own address written on the door which I thought was very unique and added to the "cool factor" of the restaurant. The waiter we had was very quick and to the point when waiting on us which is the style I prefer. I had a very nice medium-rare pork chop for dinner with a side helping of farro which was very well seasoned. The shared side that sticked out to me was the truffle mac & cheese. It was very savory and just the right amount of cheesy.  If you are in the MGM area and want a very solid nice dinner without venturing into the 80+ per person range I recommend this establishment. You will have a great time and you will most likely be able to get a table when you want to dine.. Exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues... Highly recommend Family Practice Specialists!. Great  executive course. Friendly staff, reasonable prices. No complaints whatsoever. Highly recommend.. I'm not sure who the 5 guys are, nor do I care, but on my way to the airport we dropped in for a quick (10 minute) bite before hitting the jet stream.

Damn, didn't we just eat In N Out like 3 hours ago? Yeah, but they serve Hot Dogs here. Yea! Okay, so I wasn't helping my diet any, but hey, I'm on vacation. No, not really, but whatever.

One hot dog please! What would you like on it? BACON! and?... Wow, tons to choose from!!! I'll have onions, mustard and JALAPENOS!

My friends ordered a burger and a grilled cheese and I sat back and watched as the "guys" made all our food from scratch.

Everything was tasty and the fries were IMHO perfect. The price was good, the portions good, the staff were good and the place was clean.

Yup, I'd do it again. Great place!  An offshoot of the The Deli, a proven Queen Creek go-to restaurant.  Quality food and friendly service.  :-). Dj's was great.  Taco plate was fantastic and they loaded it with whatever toppings desired.   Great strip stop... Oh In-N-Out. Where do I begin?

The waits are long, almost 30 minutes sometimes. You do weird things like put bible verses on your packaging. Your sauce is ~mysterious~ And still, I always come back.

Five Guys and Smashburger both give you a run for your money. But to get a double-double with fries and a drink costs less money than a basic burger at those two places. Mind you, that's before the fries and the drink.

The milkshakes are Ixcacao-approved contraptions! The special sauce is probably the closest you'll ever see to me eating anything with a mayo-base. You season and blend it well enough with whatever else you use in it to take away that icky mayonnaise taste from it.

The long waits for your food show your dedication in making a quality product. The long lines show that it is indeed something worth waiting for. The fact that you, a California institution, sees Nevada as a worthy contender for expansion shows your generosity. 

I practically grew up on you, In-N-Out. And for that, you'll always have my heart. 

The Final Verdict

Pros:
In-N-Out
Quality.
A local institution practically.
Milkshakes to die for.
A secret menu that goes on for days. 
Retro decor. 

Cons: 
Not open 24 hours. 
Might be run by religious nuts. Just saying. 

Return Factor: 10/10. Well duh.. Probably the friendliest coffee café I've been to. Mike the roaster took care of me since I wanted to know more about the coffee beans and the different regions there from. He answered everything and even gave me a free espresso shot. Thanks again Mike for all the help!. This is always consistently good.  The only thing I was ever disappointed with was the fried chicken I had a while ago.  The 'burger and the skinny fries are excellent.  My wife and I usually go for their grilled wings and house salad.  I think they currently have the best wings.  You won't find larger wings or better tasting.  Their salmon was only okay.  For the price and the quality of the food this place is hard to beat.  They just need to go hi-def with their satellite service.. Timmy's is an absolute must when you have a long drive home from Montréal and you also happen to have a pretty good hangover going...

Before pointing my car south for the five hour trek back to Boston, I'll usually swing by this Hortons location on the corner of Guy & De Maisonneuve for a couple road coffees, bagel sandwich, and a few bottles of water.

Depending on the hour of the day you can usually find a parking spot along De Maisonneuve pretty easily... and if you're in & out quick enough you probably won't get hit for not dropping a couple coins in the meter.. Katz has become our regular weekend lunch/brunch spot.  Great little deli; I prefer to stick to the corned beef and pastrami-based sandwiches - all great.  Potato pancakes are also fantastic.  Great service as well - our son looks forward to seeing Gary each week.

The only catch is that Katz is a bit hard to find.  Unlike the bulk of the otther restaurants in the Arboretum, Katz is actually located in the small office park at the southeast corner of the Providence / Highway 51 intersection.  It is surrounded by spas, doctors offices, and banks.  It is at the rear side of the building, not visible from the road.

Stop in and get a sandwich from Katz - it's worth a try.. love this place. Great food, great prices. Nice people, good service. It is now my wife, and my new favorite place.. Excellent sushi place for Pittsburgh - best I've found yet.  (Please don't expect West Coast sushi - I did qualify my statement by saying "for Pittsburgh".  I usually have to do this for Pittsburgh restaurants.)  Sushi was a little loosely prepared, but the fish seemed very fresh, and the presentation was nice.  

The service was excellent, too.  Our waitress was very friendly, fast, and helpful.. SO CHEAP.  Good hotdogs.. Good food, good atmosphere. The service could have been a little more efficient, though.. Had fast and professional service from Bonnie's Boutique. I have had bad luck with other companies and will not use anyone else. Great follow up, great service and great quality.. Yes, there's the small pools, the Lazy River, AND there's the Wave pool.
Just standing in front of it is beautiful and looks like the Mediterranean ocean, as far as I know. First, the water is warm. Second, it goes from shallow to deep. Third, the pool is huge! Forth, and this is the best part, the is a wave generated every 5 minutes, and a big one!! And Fifth, there are at least 8 lifeguards around and in the pool the whole time, in case you run in trouble....AND, this its the most important part, if you come before 11am, you have pretty much the whole place for yourself (and the Las Vegas sun isn't hitting too hard yet). Some get there early!!. What a quaint and yummy place, Marcus is not only an outstanding citizen and host  but an Armed Services Veteran. ( be sure to thank him for his service ) The food is absolutely amazing , I have had the pleasure of having breakfast and lunch and both have been some of the best I've had.  If you are looking for a feel good and eat good place you have to stop in and meet Marcus and team !!!!!!' You will be hard pressed to find a better place.. This place was amazing. Our waitress Kat was awesome, and since we had never been she advised my wife and I to try the feast for 2. Excellent choice. Came with ribs, baked beans, corn on the cob, cornbread muffins, coleslaw, 1/2 a chicken, and your choice of another bbq item and we chose the brisket. Everything was delicious. Add in the happy hour beer special of buy 1 get 1 free, and I was a happy camper.. Boulders is great I go to see Chris and Justin, I live in the neighborhood which is great since you can bring your dog to the patio. 

The deep dish pizza is top notch and they always have top shelf beers on tap. 

Trivia is held on Sundays.. Amazing. Amazing. Just Amazing.

We ate here with a group of friends, one of whom happens to be that horrible person who is rude to wait staff. Not only did we get spectacular service (I cannot believe I forgot her name! Young asian girl wearing glasses), they also tolerated our obnoxious table mate. Our waitress busted her ass. I was very impressed.

The Burgers here are very original. There was a whole lot of "What the hell is that?" "I don't know but it's spectacular." I had the Ronin burger, it was heavenly. I brought my wife back a Veggie burger. She raved (and she hates everything about meat). 

Extra Credit: The Beer list is superb. Minor subtraction of points by referring to their Rogues by their more obscure Japanese names to make them sound extra exotic, but a minor gripe.

Only Negative: Not open Mondays.. One of our frequent stops when in Vegas.  Great Irish bar at NYNY Casino.  

Service is always great and the food is wonderful.  This time we split some fish and chips. Large portion.  Very light and crispy. Fries were good and tartar sauce excellent.  

Happy hour from 2-5 M-T.  I would like to see it every day but WTH.. Sage has a beautiful, contemporary atmosphere.  Very comfortable.  We ordered from the Tasting menu and were delighted with our supper.  I lost track of how many courses we had.  Service was impeccable, food was outstanding.. love this place.  however, the burrito will not get you out of a ticket for driving in the carpool lane. lol.  i have eatin at a few chipotles in the valley and this one has the best service.  they go the extra mile to make the best burrito. So far our favorite spot for sushi.  We've tried so many different places yet we find ourselves only wanting to come back to this one.

It's $26.95 for dinner and I believe $22.95 for lunch.  It's a little bit of a drive if you don't live on the East side of town but hot d*mn it's worth it!  The cool thing is that if you're into sports, sometimes they'll be playing basketball or football games on their projector.  If I had to dock them any points, however, it would only be for the amount of times you would have to eat there before you receive a free "AYCE" which is 12x.  I wish it were only 10 at the most.  For the record, we've already earned 3.. Great value for your money.  An hour for $49, foot and full body!  Loved it!. Matt is a professional. I came in bloated, weak and pre-diabetic. After 4 weeks my body is changing in ways I had only imagined while sitting on the couch eating chips, watching PX90 commercials. With high school knee injuries and a hernia from being fat, Matt has customized my workout to not harm me, but build a strong core. My wife is now giving me that same look she did 10 years ago, and, ahem... its been GOOD. My kids no longer call me "fatty daddy". I am 41 and this has been the best investment that I've made in myself in years. I highly recommend Matt. This is by no means a magic bullet, but 30 minutes 2x a week has changed me from dud to on my way to stud!. I'm here and I was excited to eat a sandwich from man vs food the Del Rey the moment I bit into it was nice and juicy I decided to smother it with the green and red hot sauce along with some valentina hot sauce it was now nice n spicy. And a river of flavor busted in my mouth I was able to polish off the full sandwich and then you also and eat a burrito enchilada this time I was very full and I call to check it was cheap as hell if  you're on a budget and you want to eat lots of food come here its fun to take a picture at the front of the store to show that you been to a Man vs food stop. Ling is my pranic healer for my physical and mental health issues as a result of my military service in the Marine Corps.  I had been blessed with on-going pranic healing therapy with Ling at the Wellness Works, Glendale's Welcome Home Center for Veterans.  Being a US Navy veteran herself, Ling understands what freedom and service means as she continues to be in service by bringing healing to military veterans and their families. 
The process of the session is hard to describe, it just gives me a sense of calmness, inner peace, relaxation and sometimes it felt like energy was flowing in different directions and others were leaving my body. After receiving a session, I often experience the sense that while I may still have the chronic issue, I feel better to be able to cope with the challenges that the symptoms bring into my life.  The treatments are meant to help heal the WHOLE person that I highly recommend it.
What I admire and acknowledge Ling is for her ethics, her powerful healing abilities and her generosity and compassion.  She is not just a healer; she is very perceptive about issues and walks you through your life connecting the dots for you. She taught me techniques of powerful, positive manifestations and how to get rid of all the negative energies within me and around me.  Encourages me to meditate with her Meditation MP3 that helps me to let go and don't let my past define my future.  To say that the treatments have been responsible for the phenomenal on-going emotional, mental and spiritual healing of my health issues would be an understatement.
Ling, you have such a gift along with such a truly loving nature..., we are all multiply blessed who partake of it. Your "persona" fairly "leaks out" love and healing all the time. I get the sense that you really don't have to "do" anything but allow the continuous flow that is already there. Many thanks and I look forward to a continuing and mutually enhancing relationship! With love, blessings and gratitude..... Food here is always very good! The employees are nice as well.  The only thing I wish they had is Diet Mt Dew on the soda machine not in bottles like the Milios has on the square.

They their roadhouse chili and especially the Southwestern cheesy chicken soup!. Frequent visitor of this as well as the lake mead location. Both are very friendly and have pretty much the same food but given the choice I prefer coming here especially if dining in. Much more spacious than the other one and also has the pizza has a menu  option. Either way though very good food and service.. Absolutely solid breakfast. Pancakes are a winner corned beef hash is OK well the family liked breakfast no complaints.

Available  local newspaper to read. Coffee is good.

Price is very fair Service good waitresses are young don't necessarily know the menu but that's okay as long as they stop and simply said let me check with the manager I'm fine with thayd no crap no bs.


Family friendly restaurant and bathrooms are clean good place to go.. Really cool place!  My kids got to hit and really enjoyed it!  Very clean very organized and super friendly staff. The bathrooms were clean and they have snacks for the kids that aren't gonna break the bank. We even got to meet a former big leaguer. Hum baby!  

We will for sure be back!. Stayed here for a couple of nights. I had read reviews that if you book direct with the hotel you had to pay for towels, TV, air con etc and was advised to book via a 3rd party as they include most extras in the price. Booked via expedia. We arrived about 11:45 knowing our check in was 3pm but just enquired if we could - I was prepared for the £15 early check in charge but was told if I was willing to take a room without a window I could check in early and have a late check out free of charge (ended up asking for bag drop which is 2 quid a bag)... Excellent start. The hotel is very basic but very modern. The room I stayed in was pretty tiny as you could only just get round the bed but for 2 nights was perfectly adequate. The rim was spotless with everything you need for a city break. My girlfriend commented on the mirrors or lack of them in decent places... The only one was where you had to climb on the bed or go in the bathroom. Didn't bother me but maybe something to consider. Would definitely stay here again as it's in a good location - 10 minute walk to centre and the staff are excellent!. Every so often, you just need a place to go to when you've had maybe one too many drinks and want something to soak it up with.  When that time comes, a place that's cheap, fast, and good seems like a mirage, especially as the clock approaches midnight.  Well, somehow Get Some Burritos seems to get all 3 right, and they're open until late enough into the night to satisfy most drunkravings.  

I had the Carne Asada burrito, while my colleague had the Badger Burrito (which is essentially the Carne Asada with french fries stuffed into it).  Watching the food being made in the open kitchen layout gave me a good feeling for what is otherwise a dark hole in the wall, and the finished product confirmed that everything was fresh and quite tasty.  I felt it well worth the additional upcharge from your assembly-line Taco Bell, which is what midnight drunk food runs would otherwise be made of.

All in all, this place wrapped up my night well, and I do expect to happily wander in here again in the future.. One of the best experiences, our server kailin was very awesome and always quick with refills as well as ordering for more food. I highly recommend checking out Gen kbbq if you have not check them out yet.. Friendly service and a great selection. If you crave glazed or frosted, sprinkles or cream, yeast or old fashioned, this place has the right stuff.

Best donuts around. Nuff said.. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with Charlie Palmer Steak. The ambiance was modern, chic and very stylish. The clientele fit the surroundings for a high end luxury restaurant. And the live jazz/dinner music was such a delight to listen to during our meal. 

However, everything was delicious up until the steak arrived. The salad was blend of Oak Lettuce, Crunch Grapes & Camembert cheese which was paired with a fantastic Moscato (and I don't really care for white wine). I ordered the NY Strip rare because I love the flavor or the meat, but it was a bit tough. In fact, so much so that it was hard to cut through with their steak knife. My jaw was left aching after my meal and although the meat tasted savory the work it took to eat it took away some of the enjoyment of eating the steak. The Pecan pie with Caramel Ice cream was so delicious and a great way to end our meal. 

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who would like to see how the other half live, just don't expect to be blown out of the water.. After a slightly underwhelming recent visit to Bar Kohl, I was tempted to reduce their score to four stars, but since on previous occasions I've found it to be almost faultless, I'll let them away with it, just this once.

Not a style bar and not a neighbourhood pub, it lingers in a middleground and is the kind of place that no matter what you're wearing or what age you are, you're unlikely to feel out of place. The mainly hip hop soundtrack does put some people off, but it's one of the only places in Edinburgh, perhaps Scotland that plays music from the genre that falls into neither the crass "bling bling" bracket, or the backpacker style dirges loved by stoned students.

On my last visit though, I was slightly annoyed to find that the old, hand-drawn cocktail menus had been replaced by something that was more suited to Yates's Wine Lodge and if I'm being honest, my Drambuie Mint Julep tasted worryingly like an old bit of chewing gum.

Bearing in mind these are the only grievances I've had in many visits here, and the menu gripe in particular is fairly minor, I'm sure they were just having an off night. Still one of my favourite bars around.. What a pleasant surprise!! Certainly don't judge by the friendly neighbor--the restaurant is located next door to the acclaimed sapphire strip club. But to our surprise, we found a family-friendly classy Mexican joint that delivered delicious food with unparalleled friendly service. Chef paco will emerge from his kitchen to greet you himself, representing his independent restaurant in fine form. After a long night of drinking and partying, I came with 3 other companions seeking a wholesome breakfast (sure... It was lunchtime, but no matter). We tried fajitas, burritos and I had the huevos diversado--2 fried eggs lathered in green sauce atop tortillas, with rice and beans. Everything is well seasoned and constructed very well. There is a flan dessert which is exceptional--a family recipe says chef paco. 

All in all, I cannot possibly express how much fun it was to find this surprise in Las Vegas, a short cab ride from the strip (we were at the SLS). Give this place a chance. Worst case scenario, you find yourself next door to help digest the meal.. I've been frequenting this place for a few months now, and it's probably as good as you can get for fast-food style Greek cuisine. The gyros are great, but my personal favorites are the souvlaki and shawarma, which I highly recommend.

My only real complain is that the service can be a little slow, so I'd recommend calling ahead if you're in a rush. There have been times that I've been the only person in there and still ended up waiting 15+ minutes for my food, which seems a little excessive. Otherwise, fantastic place.. If I want tacos and I mean better than King Taco in LA this is the place. Hands down best tacos I have had in a long time.  I went here with a couple friends and we destroyed at least 8 tacos each.  They are just good, fresh made tacos.  

Want to get your grub on and not spend a bunch of cash?  Hit this place up and you will be satisfied.. Second time here. Love this place. Kinda tucked away and a big local hang out.  Pizza and machete bread is so yummy. Signature drinks are so good! Gteat sound system and a great place for The Walking Dead screenings. 

Rolling Rocks $3 cant beat it. Super friendly staff and huge fans of horror flicks. Such a great time.

Appocalypse pizza is the best with their dough shipped in from Boston. Love love love it!

Bartender Chris is such a cool cat. Owners are usually here and are also super friendly.  We need a place like this in southern California.. I really enjoyed this place. There was a little wait  before getting seated but no big deal. We sat at the bar facing the pizza oven and watched them make pizzas during dinner. The pizza was great. Cant wait to go back.. During the first seven years I lived in Charlotte, I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value. I went there with friends, we all the pulled pork poutine. It was one of the best we have ever had. The french fries were a little bit thinner than the normal size but the cheese was super good. We ended up getting some very good shooters, be careful with the spicy one because it's really hot!. Excellent experience, purchased Chloe bag for less than any other site and delivery was  quick - I just love it!!! Great customer service, and I will be buying more from them and telling all my friends and family!. The place is small but big on very good gyros--Have gotten carry out several times and always the same--excellent--Plan to try the Philly cheese tonight--Highly recommend give it a try--by the way the Philly cheese that I had tonight  is just as good as the gyros. Hot food and quick service. Just need to check your coffee levels better when it slows down. Thanks for a nice morning. American Scramble was perfect and hit the spot and was only about $6.99 or so.. It doesn't get much easier than this to get into the best spots in Vegas! As soon as you sign up for their service and pick your day(s), you'll get a confirmation. In the week following, Chris communicates everything with you as long as additional clubs that may not have been available when you first booked. On the day of, you'll get an e-mail and text letting you know everything you need from what time to get their to where to actually stand. Only had to wait 10 minutes which was nothing compared to the hundreds in the general admission line! Definitely will use the service next time I'm in Vegas!. Overall this is a pretty cool place with very good sandwiches.  I must have looked lost when I went in for the first time because the guy behind the counter patiently explained the process.  You pick a bag from a group (beef, pork, chicken etc.) then you check off what you want, things like a choice of mustard, cheese, types of other garnish, cold or toasted etc. Then you write your name on the bag and hang it up.  They were not very busy when I was there so the guy gave me a free drink and we chatted about the sandwiches and sides.  The price was right and my Cuban came out hot, crispy and very tasty.  The only issue I have is the downright horrible parking situation but that is not Which Wich's fault.  Just be aware, if you are in a hurry or easily frustrated, go somewhere else, even in a non-rush time (4:00 PM on a weekday) I had to go to the third level of the parking deck and it was agonizingly slow going.

Check them out if you have the time. They bring a whole new meaning to "brown-bagging". Really good food at reasonable prices. We has sliders and steak both great. Leo our waiter was very fast and helped us with our choices. Will be back again soon.. Great Food, Good Prices.

Took my parents there for a nice dinner and Olive Garden didn't disappoint. We beat the crowd there so we didn't have to wait. All of our food came out hot, our drinks were refilled without waiting and the service was friendly.

Have eaten there four times before and I have never had a problem with this location.

Highly recommended!. Great food! Great service! Food was flavorful! Not a fan of the pineapple fried rice. But the pad see eew was amazing. Watch your spice level. It's hotter than you request!. First five star rating. Everything was perfect. Ordered three appetizers for my girlfriend and myself along with a few drinks. Got a seafood combo which consisted of shrimp, oysters, and tuna. Really yum. Ordered the lobster cakes which were good but who can mess up lobster cakes? Last but not least, by far the best oysters I have ever tasted, the "Rockefellers". The name exceeds its quality. Unreal. The waiter warned me it would be a 45 minute wait for the oysters to be steamed and baked and the result was astoundingly impressive. Seemed as if I was tasting oysters combined with a cheese pizza. Good stuff! I will be going back.. I've been to a lot of vegan and vegetarian restaurants throughout the United States this is by far the best vegan restaurant I have ever ate at in my whole entire. life I highly recommend it!. This is my only airport parking company. 

Location - Not far from I-10 or Loop 202, I'm  a student in Tempe so it's location on university makes for a short ride home after a long flight. 

Lot - It feels fairly secure and offers covered and uncovered parking spots. 

Drop-Off/Pick Up - The shuttle runs frequently and I've never had to wait more than a couple minutes when exiting the lot or returning from the airport. 

Plus a coupon for a free cookie was included with my last couple visits. 

Tip: Book online in advance for a discount. One of my top 3 pizza in vegas nice thin style east coast pizza sauce is amazing rumor has it they ship everything from boston area great lunch specials also try the fried dough. There is a certain timeless quality to Outremont. The nice residential townhouses, the mature tree lined streets, the old theatre, the many cafes with beautiful terraces to enjoy - this is a neighbourhood that, if I could afford, would love to live it. I don't really spend enough time on Bernard street as I love it so much. A few weeks ago, at my sister's recommendation, we went to Le Petit Italien, a restaurant I had gone by numerous times but never actually tried yet. As the name implies, Le Petit Italien is a old school Italian restaurant - here was hoping however that it would rise above the base level Italian and show me something more - because there is nothing quite as sad food-wise as an Italian restaurant that seems not to try. The food just seems lifeless in those cases.

As this is an Outremont restaurant, the space is rather compressed and longer than it is wide. As such, Le Petit Italien needs to utilize the space efficiently and they do. A moon-shaped bar divides the interior dining area in two. The overall look is one of modern elements within a old space. I particularly loved their use of the exposed brick walls and tomato sauce cans as decor accents. Sadly the weather was not up to par for sitting outside so the beautiful terrasse was not available. Too bad.

We started with 2 appetizers. First up, whipped ricotta with black pepper, thyme and grilled bread. Whipping the ricotta added a light and fluffy texture to the inherently creamy and rich cheese. The addition of pepper, thyme and olive oil brought some extra elements but nothing that took away from the ricotta itself. Spread on the grilled bread and enjoyed thoroughly.

The other appetizer was the insalata prosciutto - prosciutto, arugula, red onions, parmesan and white balsamic vinegar. The first thing that hits you when you see this dish is that amount of prosciutto draped over the salad. As a lover of prosciutto, automatic winner for me already! The prosciutto was perfect, cut nice and thinly. The salad itself was nicely balanced but nothing special - the peppery arugula, the sweetness of the red onions, the rich parmesan and the acidic dressing all worked well together. Another solid dish.

I got to try three different mains after that. First up, the risotto fruit di mare - shellfish stock, mussels, clams, scallops, shrimp, red pepper puree and fennel. I am not a huge risotto guy - I enjoy it but it is rarely something I will order myself. This one was pretty good - the seafood was plentiful and the addition of the shellfish stock brought a deeper seafood flavour to the dish. The risotto itself was creamy and the rice was perfectly cooked - always a concern when one deals with risotto.

The second dish was the classic veal parmigiana served with pappardelle and pomodoro sauce. A large breaded veal cutlet covered in melted mozzarella, the veal was cooked well and still moist. The pasta choice of pappardelle and pomodoro was excellent and complimented the veal well. Another solid dish.

The final main was the penne con anatra - duck confit ragu with bell peppers and green onions. The real star here was the duck ragu - deliciously rich and meaty. Everything else here was simply a platform on which the duck was presented. I honestly barely remember any hint of pepper or green onion but frankly the ragu was so good, I didn't even care whether the pasta was penne or a simple macaroni. Loved this plate - thankfully since it was what I ordered myself.

For dessert, they had cannolis on the menu, so of course I had to have one - my addiction to them is too strong. Something about the combination of ricotta, orange zest and that crunchy shell gets me every time and thankfully I wasn't disappointed here. Not necessarily as fluffy as I expected but the cream was nice and rich - the orange zest brought a little acidic and chew that was noticeable. The outer shell itself was good as well. After i finished it, I wanted another one.... usually a good sign and further proof of my cannoli problem.

Lastly, we had a trio of profiteroles with chocolate ganache. Excellent cool gelato, fluffy buns and a rich decadent chocolate ganache. I was happy I had the cannoli first because it ensured that I wouldn't eat most of this myself. A excellent way to finish the meal.

Le Petit Italien was Italian cuisine done right which made me happy. It is not doing anything revolutionary menu-wise but everything we had was honest and well executed. A nice little evening in Outremont. The only true downside of the meal was not being able to sit on the terrasse but that just means I need to re-visit them again eventually.

Cheers!. This place is great! The quote over the phone is the price, no surprise mark ups. The finished my car a day early and then let me pick up my car after hours. I will never go anywhere else.. I'm a huge fan of Padre's! What food I've tried (I mainly just order tacos or their pork sliders usually) is delicious, the bartenders are awesome, and the owners are always friendly!

One of my favorite things to do: Order two tacos and half a bowl of guacamole with chips and salsa.. Great place for wings. Great size and plenty of sauce choices. Even has a cool Kool aid dispenser fountain.. We came here for lent and I'm glad we did.  We started off with the crab cakes. 3 pieces about 1.5 oz each in a creole mustard sauce. The crab cakes were not lumpy with meat but they were not full of breading either. We also oredered the steamed clams a dinner entree as a appetizer, this dish was pretty boring .Clams steamed in wine  ,finished in butter.
          For my entree I had the jambalaya fettucine. It was full of chix, shrimp , andoulie sausage and tasso ham , the dish had a nice heat to it.  The food comes out piping hot , to hot for me. It took awhile for the dish to cool down. I guess it's because they cook it right in front of you in little steam kettles. Prices were reasonable for being in a casino . Service was very good.. OK, I'm adding a star to PastaBar because the food deserves it.  That and the "Jack on Mulberry Street" cocktail - very tasty.  So, I've figured out what didn't strike me initially about PB.  It's not so much the art as the whole decor.  It's not bad.  It''s just not as put together as I'd hoped for a downtown local.  It's fine really, just not my style.  The food on the other hand is sublime; inventive and flavorful.  The portions are absolutely fair as is the price.  Now if I can just get them to lower the price of that great cocktail!. Yes, the coffee here is far the best Ive tasted in a long time. Better than Starbucks. Thats pretty good for a guy who loves starbucks. Coffee is smooth, silky, full of flavors. The scones are fantastics. I spend all my mornings here drinking coffee and eating breakfast. I really love how they have a personal roaster on staff. Artisan Coffee? Yes please!. Incredibly underrated. This is some of the best food I have had in Las Vegas. 
I always get the spicy beef burrito without rice (personal preference, meh). The beef is marinated beautifully. The sauces provided to apply to the burrito are amazing. The selection of vegetables on the burrito is excellent, with extremely fresh greens/avocado/others. I love the food because it is especially high-quality and very fresh, which I really appreciate.. Absolutely amazing. 

1. Food was great, cheesy hashbrowns went great with my custom omlet
2. Service was with a great smile all around, greeter and servers took great care of us
3. Loved the patio and decor, nice modern place and everyone's plate I was eyeballing looked amazing.

Conveniently located just outside New York New York and great atmosphere. Highly recommend to anyone local or traveling!. Ok so u all know I usually complain about either he sauce or the ribs or the sides. This place has it all. All home made and great. Two types of sauce both are a molasses style but one hot and one sweet. Then the ribs omg perfect smoke ring. I got Mac and cheese as side and onion rings would recommend both!!!! I guess this place is a chain. About thirty restaurants but I give it 5 stars.. I like to stay here during escapades to Old Town. It's got an upbeat vibe that prepares you for the night. You can relax by the pool the morning after and reflect upon your wise decisions of the prior night, much like Simba sat by that lake and saw his dad. 

If you see Mufasa after a night of drinking, you're likely still drunk. 

Protip #1: pool parties here during the summer - go to them. 

Protip #2: head to the valet stand before you go out and they will call you a pedi-cab. Wait times apply during busy hours but at least you don't have to flag one down yourself. 

Protip #3: if you get a coupon for free guacamole at Distrito, the in-house restaurant, make sure to get some. It's a gateway drug to the amazing food served there. Don't fight it. 

Rich's recommendation: Saguaro is great for a vacation or a place to gather some friends before a night out. It's hip and trendy without being pretentious.. Excellent steaks in a modern upscale atmosphere. Don't let it turn you off that it's located in a mall - it has it's own entrance from the parking lot. They have several different seating types from lounge couches to a full bar. Great spot for a group.. I was coming here since this place (finally) opened on my side of town.  The happy hour is just amazing.  It was $2.99 for like 8 different dishes, but I recently went back and was disappointed to find that happy hour dishes are now $3.99.  The bartender told me they have some newer items, and the portions are bigger.  I wouldn't know as I went for the burger, which did not change in size.  They also told me they added $5 cocktails, which also didn't matter to me as I was drinking a regular priced Stella, if I remember correctly.

I came back a few weeks later and had two apps, the beef carpaccio and the crispy shrimp.  I almost always get the carpaccio, so I was pretty excited when indeed a bigger plate arrived.  Except once I was digging in, I found that they had sliced the meat thinner than before, and so it seemed like the same amount... or LESS!  The meat kind of stuck to the plate, so it wasn't the same enjoyable appetizer that I was used to.

The crispy shrimp were a nice addition to the menu, though.  Tasty, plentiful, and not too much breading.  I definitely enjoyed that.  I also tried a $5 sangria rosa just so I could sample their drink menu, and it was good, but it didn't blow me away.

This is still one of the best happy hours on this side of town, but it's not the "oh my god we have to go there" deal that it once was.. Eric and the entire team at Future Floors had one thing in mind, our total satisfaction! We have been to a few flooring retailers and there was always a question left in our minds about something, but with future floors that was different from the moment we walked in until the flooring installers left. The attention to detail and the craftsmanship is top notch. We are absolutely satisfied with the end-to-end experience of Eric and the Future Floor experts.. Wow! This place was REALLY good Thai food! As usual, I will always base my experience on my go-to dish: Pad Thai. This place did not miss! It was very tasty and fresh and the service was excellent. The prices are acceptable, but they do have some lunch specials that we happened to just miss during our visit. The portions are large and again, the flavors were excellent. Both myself and my wife enjoyed ourselves and will return soon.. I Live in queen creek almost two hours away from this place but it is still worth the drive for an incredible burger and a cold beer with excellent service and kind and courtious staff thank you BIG EARLS GREASY EATS. First time here for breakfast and the food and service are amazing. Was looking for a quick bite but now we will be back to try more of their food. Very happy to have stumble into this place.. One of the better steakhouses @ Vegas. I am a huge fan. Best restaurant in New York New York casino. Ribeye is probably the best. Great wine selection as well. Creme of spinach + potatoes are also very good.. My new favorite Asian restaurant (next to Shaanxi)!

Delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices make this a go-to place. In fact I can't want to go back.

The pork dumplings were spectacular; the beef roll was as good as China Mama; even something as basic as fried noodles seemed better than the usual. 
And then there's the walnut shrimp....man, I'm craving that dish as I write this. Go there now and order it...I mean right now...don't waste a minute...whatever you're doing at the moment isn't as important as eating this dish, believe me! 

(Note: I was there with a fellow wine-collector, and the restaurant was fine with us opening our two bottles of wine to accompany the great food...and that's one more reason to keep going back. I love wine-friendly establishments!). Great. Went in with pain in my upper back and left cured. Dr. did some X-Rays to find out what the issue was and some therapy. Felt wonderful right away.

I'm always on tour so I can only rely on a single visit when I go see a chiropractor. 

Very good experience. Now I know where to go when in Vegas.. Really enjoyed my experience at Le Quartier General. We were a group of 4 and we brought our own wine. The ambiance is classy but casual, kind of felt like I was at a dinner party at someone's house. The food was excellent but I wished there was more! I would definitely go back.. The first time I went I had been experiencing neck pains (from long international flights) for three days. I described the problem and she went to work.  I left feeling better and the following day my neck was feeling great, no pain and no problems turning my head.

Lena does a wonderful job of understanding the problem, describing what and how she is addressing it and then works on the right muscle groups.. Very clean, Steven and Tommy are amazing. They've had some new aromatic oils which was kinda interesting. The room is very quiet, we will be back!. What a nice addition to the neighborhood, located right next to the French Grocery, Mucho Macho is the product of one of the founders of the now-defunct Tacos Atoyac. I stopped in for some takeout and got a carne asada burrito, the chicken quesadilla, chips and salsa, and an horchata. Everything was very fresh and tasty, and at a reasonable price (around $20 total). Will definitely be coming back here, especially for take out.. After my wife and i had come back from Hawaii. We were looking for something similar to Pooka Dogs. Well we found something better!  Good quality dogs packed with the most delicious toppings. Great friendly staff and the owner is a an awesome person to chat it up with. With the venue being a little small "it can get crowded at times" it still gives you that at home feeling of beach atmosphere.  I would like to see Maui dog have more venues across the valley.. Just brought the family here. Got myself the skinny "your mom" extra dirty.  pretty good. Prices are good, $2 or less, for a custom soda. Hundreds of combinations to choose from. Bring your thinking cap. Great date night stop.. WOW! *stay tuned craft beer lovers*†

My dad and step-mom brought us to Vegas to stay for a whole week, where they got married on 4/16. Our rooms (3 of them) were nice and we did not have any issues. One of the head managers sent some sparkling wine for my parents after we checked in, hand delivered by room service, which was nice!

As we stayed a whole week, you can imagine we spent quite some time here. Eating, swimming, sleeping and gambling were all accomplished. If you're interested in what I ate here please see my other reviews.

The beds were comfy and the bathrooms were neat. The only thing I would improve there would be adding an exhaust fan to the toilet area... The TVs are nice and the menus did not make me want to throw the remote through the screen like they do at other hotels I've stayed in.

The elevators are fast and smooth, the design of splitting the levels into thirds and having 3 elevator banks is ingenious. 

†*note* Out of ALL the casinos in Vegas I visited, Mandalay Bay was the only one to have a large variety of craft brews available, COMPLIMENTARY for gamblers. From memory, I had the following: Lagunitas IPA, New Belgium Fat Tire, Firestone Walker PIVO and Pale 31, Brooklyn Brown Ale, and a few others plus premium imports like Stella Artois and Hoegaarden. 



As for the gambling, my party did the following

Roulette - one of our guys had good luck for a while, but it's roulette... Not much to say other than all I saw were 00 wheels.

Big Six Wheel - my brother played for a bit, the second spinner/dealer wasn't giving the wheel full spins but he left the table dead even so it wasn't a loss.

Video Poker - my personal primary mode of gaming here, and overall I was up about $100 all week so I had great luck playing Jacks or Better, Bonus DB and DDB. There are some decent payouts for 25c modes, with a few machines having better pay tables. If you are playing $1 you can find good payouts on most machines.

Blackjack - $10-15 tables minimum at most times. Good dealers who are helpful to newbies.

Poker Room - a few in my group played the $45 10am Hold'em tournament. It was fun! I wish I had seen they had them earlier in the week, I probably would have played another. 

Slots - not much to say, a lot of new and different machines.


The beach and lazy river were interesting, but there is hardly any shade to be found. There are some real beauties working at the Bikini Bar! ;)

After being up and down the strip all week, I always enjoyed coming "home" to MB. Their "signature scent" as I call it was also my favorite of all the casinos. The access to the tram was a huge bonus too. 

After seeing so many awesome properties run by MGM GRAND, I'm pumped that they're building a new casino in MD near where I work. I'm sure it will be very nice!. Ate here on a Friday night recently; party of 3.  We showed up 30 minutes early for our reservation, so they made us sit at the bar (although there were empty tables).  

Besides this minor service issue, the rest of the meal was amazing.

Half-dozen oysters:  Clean, fresh, tasty.

Watercress and endive salad:  Apples and walnut really add to the flavor.

Steak Frite:  One of the best steaks I've had at a restaurant. I've had sous-vide filet at home that may have been on-par, but this was excellent. Oh, and the fries are perfect.

Magret de Canard (the duck):  HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT.  Perfect crispy skin with a nice layer of fat underneath.  Flavor of the meat came through and was not drowned by the sauce or accompanying veggies.

Gnocchi a la Parisienne:  Nice buttery flavor and chewiness.

Wine:  Qupe Syrah, Bien Nacido Vineyard.  One of my favorite vineyards.  Very reasonably priced.

And, all of this for reasonable prices.  I was actually surprised that the meal only came to $230 (w/o tip).  (We also had drinks at the bar). Great experience.  Now, I have to go try the Bouchon Bistro in Napa!. Phoenix, we need to seriously recognize that we have a great thing going here and exploit it.  We're humbly cool, our best restaurant is a pizza place, we're a tough crowd who has a artistic bent, we need to celebrate that.  Sucker Punch Sally's does.  So does the Roosevelt, Four Peaks, Fez, Stinkweeds, Hoodlums, Cowtown, Sunset Clothing, Frances, Honey Bears, Queen's Pizza, Lux, Pita Jungle...

If you haven't gleaned, I love this place.  I don't know the owners, they might not like me, as I'm a bit square, but I'm so happy they are taking this risk.  The use the Rockabilly motif and rock it out in spades.

Menu is standard diner fare, but with a twist.  They aren't running their full menu yet, smart move for a business getting on its feet in this economy, but what they are offering is good dinner food.

The three of us had a great time there.  $3 16oz Pabst, great loose meet sandwich and the homemade BBQ chips that came with it.  Had a bite of the Navajo Taco and the Pork Tenderloin sandwich, both very good and huge portions.  The rest of the menu is great too, chilli fries, wings (try the Sally's sauce), milkshakes and (thank the lord) affordable breakfast served all day.

They also have a full bar and soda fountain.  And they have a stage for live music.  And they are open 24 hours.  You know what else is open 24 hours in Phoenix?  F'ing McDisgustings and a bunch of crap Mex places.  

Love Phoenix or Leave Phoenix (or make it somewhere you can love). Great staff.. clean equipment... and the locker rooms are clean... Best vintage/used shopping in Edinburgh that I could find. Decent prices. Good for braces, belts, army jackets, and the like.. Absolutely hilarious!!! All the comedians had something unique to offer.. If you really want a more in debt experience get reservations for the front rows .. It's a must see! If you have not seen this go... Now!. I am a Life long Steelers fan. So my review might be slightly jaded, but this was a great experiences (yes I specifically said experience vs just a great restaurant.). I had the ahi tuna app, the deep fried pretzels and a caesar salad. All were very good, especially the tuna, but the tour of Jerome's private room was the icing on the cake.  The few of Hines field from my bar seat was just extra filling in my Steelers Twinkie ( sorry for all the metaphors). Just go and experience this place. Of course location is everything, but this is a true Steelers fan bar. I think the only thing that could have been better is seeing Jerome in person. Next time..... The food is great (and portions are enormous).  House made chips / "nachos" (in quotes because they are made with potato chips) are very good also.  Generally friendly waitstaff as well, and very reasonably priced.

I ended up splitting a pierogi burger for an entree, and it was more than enough food.   They have a long list of house made beers as well as those brought in from outside.  Many of the house beers are priced at around $6 per, which is more expensive than other Southside purveyors, but in also of a higher standard (house made pils vs. miller light?  I know which I'd prefer at a few dollars premium).

tl;dr: Go.  And you'll probably want to go again.. let me tell you how amazing this steakhouse is.

i ate here like 3 years ago and i'm finally writing the review. lol

by far one of my top 3 steaks i've ever ate in my life!!!

the decor of this place is of a typical 4 star conventional steakhouse.

decent place to take a date and the service was pretty good.

the seared ahi tuna appetizer was tasty and the portion wasn't bad either.

now to the steak, i ordered the 24oz bone in ribeye steak cooked rare.

it was so tender, flavorful and juicy. delicious would be an understatement.

i added mushrooms and grilled onions which complimented the ribeye perfectly.

for sure i had the itus and foodgasm in the same hour haha


will definitely be going here everytime i make a visit to vegas. Excellent service, very good food with an outstanding view of the Lake in a very nice environment.  Friday night with live band and singers......excellent selection of wines to enjoy with the meal and for casual drinking.. This buffet is much better than the location on Ray Road. It's a pretty big standalone building near Chandler mall area, and has some nice exterior decoration to look quite "Chinese".

Interior design was alright, nothing out of the ordinary, but definitely more presentable than other buffets in the valley.

I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of the food they had. For a chinese buffet, they really put a lot of thought into the dishes they made, and not just stick with the trademark cheap chinese buffet dishes like sweet and sour pork.

The stuffed scallops, sashimi, squids were the highlights in my opinion. Flavoring was excellent and they kept their food fresh and warm at all times.

I hope this place holds up as it is in a great location and have a very big building. Price is very reasonable too, great value!

I highly recommend.. Sometimes as a local, you have to go a little "tourist" to remind yourself of the fun this city can be.

A friend and I stopped in here after work during our visit to the Linq shopping area.  The place is set up like a giant candy store.  Actually, parts of it ARE an actual candy store.  There are plenty of little candies and such that go along with the rows of goofy, oversidzed glasses.  The back wall, however, is the main draw.

An entire wall devoted to drinks.  But here's the catch.  One half is alcoholic.  The other half is not.  So it's basically an all ages Icee/Slurpee stand.  And once you buy your selected cup (they do give discounts and punch cards to locals), you are allowed to step inside the gated area.

Now here's the kicker: They hand you a small collection of tiny cups to sample the various flavors, which I appreciated.  Nothing like spending a small fortune on one of those ridiculous drinks only to find that it tastes like Windex.  These tend to be more flavorful, despite the quantities of booze involved.  And you can even mix and match, so you can create your own Frankendrink.

So I friend and I walked out, giant zebra hooves in hand, and proceeded to have the rest of the night's adventure.  The staff was friendly, and the process was unobtrusive and easy, so it just made our stopover fun.  I've kept my hoof for the next time I decide to make my rounds over to the Purple Zebra.  I can see taking my vacationing friends to the place.. great sushi, reasonably priced, and they also offer other entrees as well.  try the grilled whitefish or the teryaki salmon!  One of my favorite places to eat!. There are many high-end fancy steakhouses in Scottsdale, all of which serve great food. Then there is Don & Charlie's, a mostly come-as-you are place with GREAT food and amazing service. The sport memorabilia testifies to the owner's love of baseball, etc., and the food  and service testifies to his love of quality and his customers. Go here. You will love it. Try the ribs as well as the steak!!!. Goodfood is everything I expected, exciting food, great atmosphere and intimate attention to detail. Off course I have come to expect the best from eating at Barrington's. Two Moffet restaurants now, What could be better? I will say the asian slant on the menu surprised me. The servings are small enough to allow you to try an assortment of items. I recommend the green curry mussels, and the pork belly steamed buns. We had a few of the pasta dishes and they are were all wonderful.. I've visited numerous Vape shops around town, and this shop is my #1 go to spot for all my Vape needs. There customer service  is outstanding, they make sure you leave with 100% customer satisfaction and all your   questions are answered. Pick N Puff is a distinguished shop from the rest from the second you walk in the ambience alone is good enough to just Vape and meet new people or just relax and lounge. They have a variety of juices including their own called " Daval" I definitely recommend their DTG Vanilla Custard or you can try all their different flavors on their samples bar. This shop has it all their shop is immaculate, sure does make you feel like your walking into a high end Vape shop! Overall this shop easily became my one stop shop for all my vaping needs.. Incredible. Fresh ingredients. Incredible crust. Incredible sauce. Incredible dessert. Go.. I've never had a bad experience. I've actually never had anything but a wonderful experience here. The Brûlée Burger is my favorite but there's other great ones to pick from. There's also always really good weekly specials. 

There's a lot more than just burgers on the menu but it's impossible for me to not order a burger whenever I go. So, unfortunately, I can't comment on other items.. Great place to get a latte and chill.. My car was overheating and I didn't know why. I took it to my usual mechanic and he told me to just change the cap. I  bought a new radiator cap and my car STILL over heated. Ugh. So then, a family member recommended me to Nacho's. 

I went there today and he told me to pop the hood. He asked me a question, "Is the A/C on?" I said, "Yes sir, and that's the only time it overheats." He quickly diagnosed it by looking at the fan. lol  Nacho said my fan wasn't working therefor it wasn't supplying the radiator with its much needed air. He ordered the part. I came back an hour later once he received it and he installed the new fan within 25minutes. By the way, Nacho also spotted other malfunctions that my car has been needing attention but my usual mechanic never advised me on. Bye old mechanic. Hello new mechanic. :)

I drove the whole day through this hot las vegas weather on my 1999 acura with the a/c full blast and NO MORE overheating!!! so happy. 

Fast service, Reliable diagnosis, and will come back and refer friends. Thanks Nacho!. Plenty of tv's blaring pre-season football and a craft beer selection that'll remind you of aisle 12 at Total WIne. (my happy place)
Servers were all friendly and attentive. 

Their pizza is guaranteed to fill you like a blue tick with its thick crust and generous toppings. Two slices and I was bloating like a Macy's Thanksgiving Parade balloon. 

Ambiance is fun. 
Lots of musical instruments hanging from the walls. A cathartic little journey for any failed  teenage garage band.

No waiting. 
Walked in at seven on a Saturday night and although the place looked full, they feature both an inside bar and and outside bar. 
We chose the outside bar since it was me and my Italian buddy who's unable to speak without using lewd hand gestures.

Overall, MM is a pretty decent place.. A great Madison bar made famous by their signature drink, The Fishbowl.

Wando's has creative drink specials such as Beer and Bacon.  Every Tuesday they offer $1 cans of PBR and Coors Light and free bacon, this special is genius and Brat's flip night is the only better Tuesday night special.  Another good special is the cheap fish bowl's on Thursday's.

The bar consists of three different bars on three separate levels and all the bartender's are efficient and friendly so you don't have to wait as long to get a drink at Wando's as you do at many other Madison bars.  Always attracts a big crowd Thursday thru Saturday.  Wando's is a fun place to drink at.. This is the best outlet mall in Vegas. Similar to the Cabazon outlets in CA.. Maison Publique is a nice place that is worth a visit.

As soon as I arrived, I figured I had cracked the code on why this place (and places like it) find there way on En Route's top 10.

Regardless of other factors, the food and layout of the restaurant are unique enough to make a contribution to the restaurant scene. Often, like Maison Publique, the location is just slightly enough off the beaten path to render it a "find". Sometimes En Route restaurants achieve these aims, while failing to please with a complete package of food and service. Maison Publique does better than most.

The layout here is classic pub. The ceilings add to the feel that you are in a neighbourhood joint somewhere in Britain.

The food is meant to be shared by those at the table. Some dishes (such as the Welsh "Rarebit") were unique, but not to my liking. The beef cheek salad was also creative, but short of delicious.

The albacore tuna cru was a tasty tuna app that could easily be shared or reserved for one person. The highlight of the meal was the 65$ steak delmonico which was a large portion that could be a meal for two people by itself. The flavouring on the steak was perfect.

Service here is good. They have a nice bar area with ample beer, wine, and cocktail selections.. House burger was great, server was friendly and they take non-menu requests if available. Recommended to visit at least once while staying at Wyndham Garden Hotel.. Wow, all I have to say is wow. When I first walk in I see an R2D2 on the floor and I feel like I'm walking into a shop right from Tatooine in Star Wars. It's very unique, I like it alot. David Saka helped me personally resolve my wifi connection problem for 20 bucks. If I went to any "Corporate America" type repair shop, I would have had to empty my bank account. It was an easy fix that didn't require wiping down my entire computers memory card like most people think. He messed with the settings fully explaining to me along the way and BAM! MAGIC! It worked! Ive taken it to office depot and best buy and both demanded a 100 dollar checkup fee up front. ABSURD!! 
        I have never received such outstanding customer service before in my entire life. He addresses people politely and explains everything he is doing. He is very down to earth, friendly and knowledgeable.  
       If you want to have your problems fixed without someone looking at you like you have a dollar sign painted on your face...go here. I will recommend this computer repair shop to everyone I know. This local guy really knows his stuff and doesn't talk down to you like geek squad does. Support your local businesses!!!! David Saka deserves an medal, this man is a high quality business owner of the finest caliber. He 100 percent understands what it means to go above and beyond customer service needs. 

GIVE THIS MAN RESPECT!. I have been getting my hair cut here for 12 years.

It's super basic.  They have had some Barber turn over - over the years, but they are reliable.  

I pretty much say - "a one and a half on the sides blended... a little off the top and tapered in the back."  Then they cut my hair.

They still use a straight edge here, too.. Jordan and all of the PT techs have been incredibly helpful to me. After about four weeks of appointments I'm back on the hiking trail with a very happy knee. Thanks for helping me get back to my favorite activity.. My bride and I have been hooked on Toast for years.  We lived in Huntersville before moving Uptown and had grown fond of that location and it's staff.  We were thrilled when the Dilworth location opened.

I have now been to this particular location 5+ times and I'm still hooked.  This is by far one of the best breakfast locations in the Carolinas.  The only breakfasts I would even rank with the quality of food and service would be Poogan's in Charleston and George's Brasserie in Charlotte.  My bride orders the Raspberry Walnut Pancakes with Bacon and she can't branch out for new dishes because they are just that good.  Very fresh and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  These are also my favorites of the pancake and french toast selections.  I've tried the basic breakfast, the Cali Benny (avocado, tomato, poached egg, hollandaise), the Crab Benedict, Eggs Benedict, Bacon Egg and Cheese Sandwich, and many more.  

I'm still highly impressed with the service and your cup of coffee never empties.  Excellent teamwork.  We bring our family here when they visit and they request each time now as well!

*Another visit update... We went for our first Sunday visit and had to add onto my review.  The floor service is a well oiled machine.  There was a 25 minute wait for our two top and they manage to turn service without making you feel rushed.  As soon as a table frees up, they had it bussed, cleaned, and seated within 2 minutes.  Excellent food as always including a special : southwest scramble.... Awesome.. This place is great and veggie friendly.  The tofu appetizer is incredible and the wait staff are all super friendly,  it isa a must have whenever I visit Pittsburgh!. Excellent service and the Asian pork was amazing!!! It was on special but they are putting it in the menu!! Reminds me of NYC!. This classic Vegas restaurant in the cellar of Four Queens is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The table side salad, steaks and wine service/selection are unbeatable.  Also, although it is expensive, it's a great value when compared to some of the newer more flashy/trendy restaurants.  You definitely don't want to miss the table side salad which is the best salad ever.  I don't think you'll find better steaks anywhere.  I usually get the 10 oz. fillet, but last night I got it wrapped in bacon served on top of crap meat...spectacular.  The table and wine service are definitely 5 stars and so is the food.  If your staying on the strip, it is worth the trip downtown to eat at Hugo's Cellar.. Delicious vegan dishes! Fun decor, but pretty noisy. Would be nearly perfect if they had vegan desserts too.. A cool little place with freaking spectacular food.

The tom ka is excellent.  And ask for the avocado yellow curry (it might not be on the menu).  You will be delighted!. Not hip, not trendy, not funky fresh, not the flava of the week, but the pizza here is some of the best I have had in Vegas. La Piazza is located in the unlikely location of a Best Western Hotel. I have not ventured past the pizza here, so no opinion on the rest of the menu. Vegas, the other windy city where most of the pizza blows, offers La Piazza, where you will discover an outstanding thin crust pie....not New York Style. I'm really not sure what kind of pizza category it would fall under. The crust is thin, and crisp, and can handle a kitchen full of toppings without going limp. They also offer up a Chicago style deep dish pie that is also pretty rockin'. I'm not saying it's the best by Chicago standards, but you would be hard pressed to find a better Chicago style deep dish pizza here in Vegas. Rosati's being up there for the Chicago style too. My biggest problem with the place is trying to decide on the thin crust or the deep dish. Staff is friendly, place is clean, the neighborhood will be a turn off for those that have been coddled in life, but it's not THAT bad really from a safety standpoint. To walk there from Fremont and Main St. Is really no problem, it's not a scenic stroll though. If you're looking for a scene or to be seen, this is not the place for you. But if you are looking for some pretty rockin' pies in the "other" windy city that is Las Vegas, La Piazza will hit the spot.. All the bad reviews have me puzzled. Most of the things complained about are things I see as a plus for this kind of bar. After all, it is a dive bar with a rowdy crowd. It's called Rogue. This isn't your grandpa's Snowbird Scottsdale and it isn't full of  douchebags with shiny shirts, with their blood full of anabolic steroids and their scrotum holding shrunken testicles, and fake tans, and girls with... ok some of them are surgically enhanced. Personally I don't have a problem with that...

Try this as an exercise. Read the 2 star reviews. Look at the things being complained about, but turn the sentence, in your mind, into a praise instead. I picked out a great quote from one review... Think of this one in a positive instead of negative light and you'll get a whole different idea. 

"Not to mention if you want a free show of someone blowing someone else, screwing, fighting or snorting things this is THE place to be."

HAHAHA. That's from a 2 star review. I dunno. It's a dive bar. To me, the fact that it's small, crowded, with cheap strong drinks, and people doing crazy shit is a plus. 

I don't hang out at bars on a regular basis. I go if there's a DJ I want to hear and want to get my boogie on, or if friends are going. Since most of my best friends live in other cities, it's not usually in AZ. I only drink to the point of being drunk once every other month or so. But.... When I want to go somewhere that is crazy and stupid and full of freaks, this is where I go. I feel a certain kinship with crazy stupid freaks.. Stopped in here to take a piss on my way to Commonplace Coffeehouse. Bathrooms were clean!!. The chicken tandoori naanwich was great, even if the price was a little high (9$) for a regular size sandwich. The sauce and the chicken's juice/sauce were amazing, something to try!. The food is authentic vietnamese with reasonable price. This is not the inflated Vegas Strip prices with small portion. Come here if you are part of the Viet family looking for good cafe sua da and Pho.. How do you describe the best breakfast, lunch or dinner in all of the land???? Two words! THE SPOT!!! Every time I eat here I smile like a fat kid in a cake factory!! This place never disappoints! They even have a Hangover breakfast plate !!! Don't wait in line   At Lenny's or any other chain restaurant when you can get top notch food from a locally owned restaurant ! The food is cooked within eyesight of you  and the also have a file very bike for neighborhood delivery (Higley ).. What says ice skating more than palm trees and sunny, warm skies?  

I went to the ice rink today and skated for the first time in about 40 years.  What a great time I had!  I went for their Coffee Club skating which is held Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at a cost of $7 which includes skate rental.  

The Zamboni had just resurfaced the ice from the morning session, and it was as smooth as can be!  Wow, I never skated on ice this smooth.  Pond ice was all I ever skated on before.

There are two rinks in the building, a north and south rink.  The Coffee Club skating is on the South rink.  There were only 10-12 people skating while I was there, so it was quite pleasant.  In addition, school went back into session today, so the open skating during the mid-morning and early afternoon will be adult friendly.. I was actually very surprised with the their Manhattan Pizza....all of their food has tasted very good.  To tell you the truth...this is actually a very cool place to unwind, and have a drink with some good food.  I'll definitely be coming back to this place until my project is over here in this beautiful city.

FYI, this place is loud!  If you're not a fan of loud places...then, this place will not be for you.. We've used them for dog boarding when we go on vacations. Our dog always appears to be in good health upon arrival. We've used them for many years.. This is the place to explore IF you have a creative side, and have some fun social time! 
They provide the supplies and 'help' you paint a picture. Great for groups and you get to BYOB for food and drinks, including booze!! 

And SURPRISINGLY some of the pictures are pretty good. Even mine is NOT embarrassing! HAHA!!. Karl's Bakery is, bar none, the finest bakery in the valley.

First of all Karl, Stephanie (or is it Stefanie, forgive me for spelling it wrong if I did!), and Christine are all the kindest bakers I have ever met.  They love spoiling their customers and treat us so well.  They give my kids cookies, and Karl gives of chocolate strawberries from time to time; they are a wonderful family.

Second, the quality of the food is amazing.  No shortcuts are taken and they put in a lot of effort into everything they make.  Their donuts are sublime (my favorite is the chocolate cake), Their carrot cake is the best I have had, OMG the coconut macaroons... you must try them, and the chocolates... Oh man...

Christine is a classically trained chocolatier.  She currently is busy running the bakery and training new staff so that aspect of the business isn't quite running yet, but when it is they will be some of the best chocolates in the United States.  Her product rivals the best chocolates from the best makers in New York, San Francisco, and Boston.

Long story short you owe it to yourself to come visit Karl's.
You owe it to our community to make sure this business stays around.

In an age where small, high quality shops are hard to come by, Karl's bakery is a family owned business that provides a better product, at a competitive price.  

This local treasure deserves our patronage more than any other I can think of.. This place is exceptionally popular around lunch time and for good reason!

Upon walking in you're engulfed by sweet/savory aromas and the quiet din of dozens of conversations. 

The line to order is usually 5-15 groups deep, which provides just enough time to scope the menu, listen to other guests, and debate amongst your party what to get.

The menu consists of 7 adjacent 40" televisions floating above the serving line and offers a typical, albeit, varied and delicious selection for a deli. These televisions also scroll through different pictures of popular dishes. If you didn't bring your appetite, that's okay, after a few pictures it will be sure to find you.

The food is incredible. High quality cuts of meat, hefty portions, and an appropriate price. Pictures just can't do it justice.

The serving staff, cashiers, and bussers are exceedingly friendly and very accommodating.

Tips for lunch time: 

1. Carpool. Carpool. Carpool. The place is deceivingly large and can hold an impressive number of people.
2. Get a seat/table for your group when you walk in. (Or don't - staff seem try to find you a place or make a place for you - did I mention they were accommodating?)
3. Unless you have a 2 hour nap scheduled after lunch, get a box. You can eat the entire meal in one sitting and be completely satisfied, but don't say I didnt warn you about the impending food coma.

This place is everything and more than what I'm looking for in a place to eat.. One of the weirdest/most fun places to visit in Phoenix. I don't want to ruin the fun with spoilers though!. I have been using New Solutions Pest Control for about 2 years now.  I have had various pest control companies throughout my 30+ years in the Las Vegas/Henderson valley and never had the level of quality, service and professionalism this company exhibits.  They are family-owned and operated and genuinely care about handling your pest control needs with the utmost care and efficiency.  They are not some large corporation that only cares about the bottom line.  I used to see some bugs, both dead and alive with my prior pest control companies.  Since switching to New Solutions Pest Control, I haven't seen a single pest in both of my Las Vegas valley properties.  I strongly recommend you contact New Solutions Pest Control for ANY pest problem that you are encountering and also have them regularly service your property to keep the pests away!!. if you haven't figured it out by now, i like beer and i like bars.  sonora has both.

when i moved to phoenix in early 2007, my dad took me there for lunch one day.  we sat at the bar and i ordered a beer that was great (i think it was a russian porter).  i've never had a bad or mediocre beer at sonora. i haven't tried their ipa because i'm not a hops fan, but everything else was always incredibly yummy.

the food is pretty good and sometimes really freaking good.  i went one evening with my best friend and my brother.  we sat in the  brew house, where the tanks are separated by a glass wall from the seating and bar.  we ate well and got a nice buzz, laughing and flirting with our waitress.

every time i went there, the service was spectacular.  the girls that work there work their butts off and are always smiling.  they're easy to joke with and that's a big plus.  the place would suck without them.

i always thought that something was either missing or that i wasn't quite accepted there.  sometimes my appearance freaks people out.  oh well.  that's what i get for being a madman.

in central phoenix, check out the sonora brewhouse.. Order
Dessert !. Queue de Cheval would have received 5 stars if the steakhouse kept more of its steak in stock. We came at 7pm on a Wednesday and several of their cuts from ny cut to filet mignons were already gone. If you're a fan of 3 to 3.5 inch steaks this is your place. I'm not and went with a Lou's cut - 20oz, about 1.5 in thick. This was easily in my top 3 steaks of all time list. Perfectly charred exterior and the interior was pink, juicy, full of flavor. Condiments not required; probably a result of the marbling seen when the steak was presented before my eyes before grilling. Sides aren't anything special - the focus here is the meat. Oh yeah, they have some seafood too, but you don't eat fish at a steakhouse. If you like steak, go here. If you're looking for a food experience, go to Toque.. Following shoulder surgery the first part of  February 2013, I began Physical Therapy at Foothills Sports Medicine on Kyrene Rd., Tempe (Formally Performance Physical Therapy), the second week of March, 2013.

All therapy personnel, Carlos, Kacie, Crystal and Daniel have gone above and beyond to attend to my recovery.  They have treated me like family and as if they are my personal trainers.

I have nothing but high regards for their professional demeanor during this extremely difficult time for me.  They all have pushed me, and pushed me to the limit.  It has all paid off !

My Doctor advises that I am recovering at a faster rate than expected.  All of that is due to the attention that I have had and continue to receive from everyone at the facility.

Thank you one and all !!


Bill. I actually found this place.. through a menu left on my door. Usually I throw those away on the spot.. but I do have an interest in different Asian Style foods. So i gave it a try. I was very please with what I ordered the first time.. which was duck wraps and curry noodles. I didn't know what to get so I went with what I like and I was pleased. Since then I have ordered from this place a couple more times. I have tried a few different dishes.. the delivery of the food is always hot and comes in about 30 minutes for me.. 

Upon reading other reviews I will be ordering again and trying the recommended dishes. Give it a shot. Its good stuff. 

P.S. I was a bit more than slightly impressed with the fact that they remembered that I am one of only 2 people in my housing area that orders from them.. it was nice for the recognition. The young lady that answers teh phone is very cordial and helpful. I'm just saying.. it's nice to get good service, even on a take-out order!. Man kann lang um den heißen Brei rumreden. Das einzige und wichtigste ist dass die gyrospita sehr sehr sehr gut schmeckt und relativ günstig ist. Wer es noch nicht kenn muss es ausprobieren!. We had an extensive remodeling job carried out on our new home and needed to have the master closet redesigned to maximize storage space. Additionally, we also needed a custom desk for our home office and finally, a large, wall to wall, floor to ceiling bookshelf as well.

Pete, our salesman/designer came out and listened carefully to our needs and took extensive measurements of the areas where the custom items were to be built.  He then submitted to us a detailed bid which included drawings and specs for each of the items we wanted.  After carefully comparing Classy Closets bids with their 3 other competitors (also we carefully read online customer reviews from various sites), we chose Classy Closets.  Well done Pete!

Kenna, the Ring Master/Scheduler pulled it all together for us and scheduled (unfortunately, due to a delay with our contractor, had to reschedule the bookshelf twice. Kenna, thanks so much for being so fluid and getting Collin scheduled to come back out for my bookshelf!) the install. 

There were two teams of installers, one for our Master Closet and bookcase and one for our custom office desk/wall unit and they were all extremely professional and friendly which was much appreciated.

I especially want to thank our installer Collin for coming out to our place three times.  He is a true professional (takes great pride in his work and has a fantastic work ethic) and all around great guy and is one of the reasons why Classy Closets will always have our business.  Thanks Collin buddy!. This place is way out of my zip code. I usually go to the Hallmark at Camelback Colonnade, and if I make it out there, Scottsdale Fashion Square, but I dig this place. Plus it's in the same ginormous shopping center as Genghis Grill!
It's smaller than the one I usually go to, but I kinda like that, but let me share a tale with you. 
Picture it: the weekend before Christmas 2010. An insane, olive-skinned gay boy with a thick head of fabulous looking hair, who lives in Central Phx, hears about a great sale involving Snoopy and card at a Hallmark store. The store though happens to be this one and in Tempe, which feels like a million miles away. 
The olive-skinned gay boy braves the elements and heads to a packed shopping center and a packed store, and from the moment he enters, he's very impressed with the calm professionalism of the staff working in this Hallmark store. They're kind, courteous, helpful, and no matter how packed the store, staff members were easy to find in the case you needed that special card for the dogsitter.
 In the end, the olive-skinned gay purchases a lot of sale items, and tells the cashier he wants to make two purchases due to the two coupons he has. The cashier smiles and says, "Oh, let's make this easy, you can use both coupons for the one purchase!" Helpful and doing the best to make the purchase seamless and easy during a crazy holiday season? HECK YEAH! The olive-skinned gay boy is impressed and very satisfied, and decides that even though this Hallmark takes a light rail and two bus rides, it may be worth it.. Best place to stay downtown! It has easy access to the Fremont Street Experience and an AWESOME shark tank pool. We paid extra to get into the pool upstairs for adults which was a great place to chill. Our room was tidy as usual and the staff was courteous.. Went to BM for brunch.  We ordered the grilled cheese and lentil soup.  Food was quite good, as well as the cocktails and service.  I would definitely recommend.. Thank you Jay!!! Everything went perfect from scheduling to completion. We could not be more pleased with the work you and the staff has done. Eco-Tint is the place to go when you want perfection and quality. Also, I fully recommend getting your windshield done if its in your budget. In the Vegas heat it really does keep your car cooler. My wife is loving it. Thanks again.. As a person who grew up eating curry a few times a week, I have high expectations when it comes to curries or any type of Indian food for that matter. This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. 

Your best value for eating here is to eat during the buffet lunch hours. You have the opportunity to sample a variety of the top-notch dishes and always go back for seconds, or thirds. 

The dinner is good, too, but your bill can add up quickly once you order an appetizer, two entrees, and naan.. Popped in with an out-of-town friend to show off some great Charlotte 'cue as well as to give him the opportunity to enjoy some of the great two-legged scenery in our lovely city. It's been a while since I reviewed Mac's, so here's the update.

Very busy on a weeknight in the later dinner hours. A bunch of bikers and some cool cars parked out front. A live band was wailing away when we managed to find a "picnic table" outside with a good view of the walking traffic.

Waitress took our drink orders and then our food. Both of us ordered the pulled pork, which arrived very quickly. It was a little dry so the sauces on the table were useful. The mac & cheese was excellent - cheesy of course but with a good slightly spicy flavor and the noodles were at the right texture of al dente. I also really liked the cole slaw as it was moist without being drippy.

Parking can be tough as there is some construction going on that blocks some of the street in the back. And for the dude that had to try and make a -left- turn onto South Blvd, you're an idiot.

My only complaint was that the music was WAY too loud so that we had to shout to be heard across the table. What's the point of music being at such a massive volume?. NAPA is always the best.  They have stuff that autozone and checker just don't carry... and very normally much cheaper than the dealers.

Needed some cabin filters for the xterra today - they were the only guys in town that had em and for a great price too.  Autozone was twice the price and they had to order them.  Dealer was way over what I paid at NAPA...

always will be back when I need stuff. A bit of confusion when we were asked to wait for a table when there were 10 available so we sat ourselves. Casey our server was great. Quick food, in and out.. Respectful and made me feel comfortable.  I am recommending to my friends and family.  They combined my monthly pest control and year round weed control for a great price, no more HOA problems here!  Thanks!. Not a bad joint...I'm a sucker for dive bars where you can meet unpretentious people from all over and perhaps even have a decent time without spending a bunch of money.

I always make sure to stop here for Beer Bust...$5 for the all the beer you can drink before 1am on Friday nights, I think it was.

The bouncer was a real handsome bear who was real friendly (I know that's his job, but still). He remembered my name from the last time I visited (3-4 months before), so that's always a bonus in my book.

Lots of room to chill, drink, and play darts. The VP payouts were pretty decent, too.. Scottsdale Arts Festival is a really great time. Two stages with rotating live musical acts, lots of food trucks (lineup perhaps borrowed from Food truck Fridays), and of course plety of local artists sharing their work. The grounds provide a perfect setting, lots of grass and shade trees for those sunny days. I'd say I prefer this event of Tempe's Festival of the Arts mainly because of better food choices and a prime location. We parked at a church for $5, and walked less than a block to make it to the fest's entrance gate. Admission is $8 per adult, there are activities for kids (they were making some sort of brimmed hat with paper bags)- so it's really fun for the entire family. 

Yes, alcohol is served on site- and there are festival stewards everywhere to ask questions or get recommendations. Unfortunately, we ate prior to the festival so we only got to smell the food and not taste. Make sure you take time to visit the next go around, you won't be disappointed.. Jacqueline was the best! I was able to walk right in for a cut and color. Everyone was cheery and pleasant even though it was 9 am on a Saturday. 

I was so nervous about cutting my long hair and worried that because I didn't know exactly what I wanted, I'd end up unhappy. This couldn't be further from the truth! Not only did Jacqueline help me pick a great color, she listened to my ramblings about what I was basically looking for in a cut. The finished result was amazing! I really couldn't be happier and will definitely be going back.. Had the breakfast burro---and it was absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is relaxing, with great music. The staff is very friendly as well.. The East Blvd. location does need it's own review because it is a pretty exceptional location. With ample comfortable seating an open spaces it is easy to relax and read, get work projects done, or chat with friends.
The staff always seems to be among the best no matter who they hire.
Watch where you park. The huge lot actually does not have many space for Starbucks and if you park wrong, you are almost guaranteed to find a boot or your car towed. Can't find a designated space? Don't chance it, park on the street or circle around until someone leaves.. Nana's carries a lot of tobacco related items, but I go there purely for their hookah and shisha selection.  They carry large boxes of Coconara charcoals (coconut coals for hookah...  if you haven't tried these you really need to), plus various flavors by Fantasia, Fusion, Al Fakher, Potion, Hookah Hookah, Hookah Freak, and now Deja Vu.  I have also seen Khalil Mamoon and Magdy Zidan Egyptian hookahs, plus MYA hookahs.  They charge you a little extra for using debit so try to bring cash.  Nana's probably has the best selection out of all the north valley stores that I have been to thus far.. When my friends told me they were taking me to the 4 Seasons for breakfast I thought they were kidding. A 4 Seasons, on the strip? Who knew? A completely surprising and wonderful experience. 

Be sure to have the Huevos Rancheros! The red sauce they prepare is so rich and creamy it would be probably make a fun dinner ice cream! I do ding them for using jarred salsa.. I'm sure that most of the cooks in the back have awesome salsa recipes.. the chef needs to hit them up, seriously! Also a ding on the so so pastry basket.. come on now.. this is the 4 Seasons.. I bet they could bring something better in than what they currently serve.

In all the chaos and drama on the strip this is one of the most secluded feeling and comfortable escapes. I look forward to coming back soon!. Great large room...kinda like a small apartment...very similar to the 2 sectioned areas from the Venetian or Palazzo.  I would definately come back...especially since its very close to my sportsbook section of the casino. ;P

Not too far, across the street is a liquior store that can easily help you stock up on alcohol in the room before hitting the clubs for those overpriced drinks!. Some of the nicest people ever, they are very willing to work with you on to learn the art of drifting and make it enjoyable. Their service and kindness is also amazing, as many places in vegas are not so nice. They drift at night, but are willing to set up sessions with you any time, any day. Most of all, it was ALOT of fun.. Super delish vegetarian food....experiment and try something new each time!. I was here back in January. My wife reserved a spot to hang out with friends for the night and the employees there were very accommodating. The service throughout the night was great as they stopped by frequently to make sure we had everything we needed, cleared plates and glasses, etc. Prices for wines by the glass were more than reasonable, certainly cheaper than the Strip. The only food I sampled was the meat and cheese trays. Both were filled with a good variety of items. It's a cozy spot that worked well in the winter, as it never got too cold in there even with the doors open.. I found a new dentist! Dr. McAdams and staff are amazing! My new patient visit was so pleasant, I decided to come back a week later for a filling replacement. The procedure was virtually pain-free for me. You know how sometimes you get that buzzed lip and sore gum after the pain killing shot? Well, not with Dr. McAdams. Sometimes I'm a big baby and need two shots before drilling but I didn't feel a thing throughout the whole filling replacement. Dr. McAdams has fantastic dental skills and explains what's happening in simple terms. He's funny and very personable. The entire staff is friendly with excellent customer service from reception to billing and the dental assistants. McAdams Dental is a fantastic place to get the best care for your teeth. I really like the ultra modern xray machine that doesn't require those hard cardboard bite wing things. My cleaning was done using an ultrasonic tool instead of the old fashioned scraping and chiseling method at other dentists. Great job McAdams Dental!. I was with an "Intimate" group of 25 people.  They handled it extremely well.

In all of Las Vegas, I'm not sure I'd come back here, but if you're in the neighborhood and hungry, the steaks are excellent.  They also had a really nice Carpaccio that really did it for me - I wanted to order 3 more and call that dinner, but then I like high quality raw beef.  I saw several other menu items that I wanted, but I'm avoiding carbs.

I'd gladly come back if I were at the Tuscany again.

It was kinda funny because just as we were leaving, the Beverly Hillbillies showed up for a wedding dinner.  I'm sure they were nice enough people, but they just seemed a little uncomfortable.  What I liked is that the staff seemed to be taking extra effort to make them feel at ease, classy touch.. Was recommended by a friend 
Awesome job and great attention to detail thanks guys.. Takes a little time but def worth the wait
Best wash n Vegas .. And used separate and clean  micro cloths for every station. I went back to enjoy an other great lunch. Both times the bartender was super friendly. I started with an amazing shrimp cocktail, followed by the chicken served with a delicious ratatouille and mashed potato and as always the profiteroles. This restaurant is a winner.. Yummy crepes!!  I got there because of the Groupon but I loved it!  I always go there when I have a chance and when the weather is nice.  I like to enjoy the side-walk table outside.  I recommend this place for crepe lovers; you'll not be disappointed.. We had Napoleon and two of his crew roast a full pig for our rehearsal dinner the day before our wedding. And we wouldn't hesitate in recommending Poppa Naps for any special event.

We booked it two months in advance and put down a deposit. And five days before the event, we called to confirm and they had lost our reservation. We were worried for a minute but he handled it professionally and within an hour had secured our event. Other than that everything else was flawless.

He arrived early in the afternoon for the event and set up a grill in the back. They took care of absolutely everything with the friendliest attitude. Everything went smoothly and according to schedule. The whole thing cost about $540 for 25 people, which included a full roasted pig and two sides, Santa Maria beans and grilled vegetables. 

The sides were decent and the pig was absolutely delicious! (The BBQ sauces were fantastic as well). It's an event our friends and family will remember for the rest of our lives. Thank you Poppa Naps!. Great place to eat and watch the UFC fights. There is a $5 cover, but that thins the crowd of the cheap people, which is great. The food is great, friendly servers ( kind of ) and once again, great place to watch UFC. If you are an MMA fan, come here so you can watch. Not a lot of people and really fun!. My favorite Mexican restaurant in all of LV. Happens to be close to gown too! Have eaten multiple dinners and loved them all. Recently I was able to attend a business meeting and was exposed to a breakfast menu that was delish! Wait staff has always been superb and recommends new dishes and combos. Lots of times I let them choose my meal.. I used this company through my home warranty. They were polite, on-time and efficient. They were also easy to schedule fairly quickly. They are also in the East Valley now too. 

The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the scheduling lady is kind of rude and has a bad attitude on the phone.  She can be difficult to work with but the people who actually come and provide the work do a great job and are really friendly.

If I had to use them outside of my home warranty, I would probably get multiple quotes. I saw how much they charged my warranty company and their quotes seemed expensive. But with regard to service, they were outstanding.. This place is outstanding. The decor and entertainment of the restaurant is amazing. This is a great date place or good for a group, they have a few small tables as well as large ones for groups. This is a great place to start your night off at when you really wanna make the most of it. I can't wait to go back! It is on the expensive side but from my point of view your getting entertainment as well as a great meal!. This is the best Pei Wei establishment by far! Great food with professional staff who are quick to deliver your order whether it is to pick up or dine in. I've always had a great experience eating here! Recommend this place to eat any day, anytime!!!. Great place to bring the whole family.  Wonder staff and very inviting even to the newest of climbers.  The intro video could be re-done to emphasize critical safety features, over the existing advertisement of the gyms features.. I put my best buddy "Max" a little poodle into overnight care at Canine Preferred for the holiday weekend.  They sent me a video of my dog unasked for, it was great.  When I picked him up this morning he was freshly groomed and happy I mean really happy.  The owner, Diane, and her groomer Sara were really nice and very professional.  You can't go wrong with these people!. Pros:
* Delicious food. You have to try the chicken tortilla soup.
* Friendly staff.
* Modern menu and decor.

Cons:
* Expensive. The food while good is slightly too expensive.
* Due to the popularity, they're generally crowded with long waits.

I believe Town Square to be the best shopping and restaurant plaza in Las Vegas. The quantity of choices for either is only matched by the quality. There certainly is no shortage of great food at Town Square and on yelp, Yard House is rated best of them all. I haven't tried them all but I can definitely say Yard House is the best I've had yet.

I went with a group of four on a late Tuesday afternoon. They weren't busy or crowded but I have seen the line pour out the door enough times to know I was lucky. We were promptly sat down just time to enjoy the happy hour menu. We ordered their famous tower of onion rings while we sifted through the massive menu. I ordered the chicken salad with a cup of tomato bisque soup. The other members of my party ordered the barbeque chicken salad with a cup of chicken tortilla soup, pastrami sandwich, and a mushroom burger. 

When the onion ring tower arrived it instantly lived up to the expectations. Thin, lightly battered, crispy onion rings sprinkled with parmesan cheese and served with ranch and chipotle ranch. They bursted with flavor to die for. At first the tower seems so incredibly large but when you finish the memory feels small in hindsight. My soup and salad was good with a pleasant, creamy, rich ranch dressing and well-seasoned tomato bisque soup. However, it paled in comparison to the nothing short of perfect, chicken tortilla soup. I have never had a tortilla soup so creamy and flavorful. They put a large piece of avocado in the cup along with the crispy tortilla strips and large chunks of chicken. Together, they blend to create a truly wonderful and hearty cup of soup. I had a bite of the barbeque chicken salad and while it was a bit too saucy for my tastes, the barbeque dressing wasn't overpowering and went well with the large pile of onion strings atop the salad. The pastrami sandwich looked great and the burger looked even better. The burger bun instantly caught my eye with a smooth crisp surface devoid of any grease or sheen. Next time I will surely try a burger. 

The Town Square location is large and wide open. The lighting is dim and creates a hip vibe that went well with the modern menu. Everyone in my group had a few questions about the menu and the server was friendly, knowledgeable, and willing to help. The prices however are a bit steep and you might want to arrive early to take advantage of the happy hour choices. One specific item that caught my eye was the 17 dollar macaroni and cheese. It looked delicious but it would have to be at that price.

In the end I walked away satisfied and yearning to return to try a burger or maybe even that posh mac and cheese entree.. Nice spot! Service was great and the 8 second bull ride sushi roll was the best roll I ever had!. My family and I really enjoyed Freddy's.. Enjoyed the Mothers Day Buffet this morning. A bit pricey, however the food was delicious!
The new location is very nice as well.. Indie gets and extra 1/2 star for super friendly staff at 6:30am in Dec - decent latte (with the usual addict's 4 shots) and excellent croissants. This is a simple and old-fashioned coffee bar and should be encouraged at all costs!. This place is awesome.  It is truly one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.

The atmosphere is so inviting; it is almost like home.  There is even a little waiting area that feels like a living room.

The service was outstanding, friendly, accommodating, polite, and not at all stuffy.

The whole thing has a very modern feel to it right down to the food, which consists of small and larger (sharable) plates.  The food is just fantastic.  I recommend the following:

Cheese Curds: a light snack to start off and they are AMAZING.
Brussels Sprouts: I don't like Brussels sprouts but I like these Brussels sprouts.
Shrimp Po-Boys: Fantastic
Chicken& Waffles: LoLo's it is not but the fried chicken is delicious.  It's more of a Italian style than a southern one: light and crisp, not battered and fatty, but delicious for sure.
Lamb Meatballs: Really exceptional; don't pass these up

I wasn't as blown away by the mac and cheese as others seem to be.  Maybe this is worth a try though but it wasn't my thing.

The drinks are also excellent.  All of them are thoroughly homemade.  They make one of the best Dark & Stormy's ever.

GO NOW!. Located inside Monte Carlo, next to Minus 5 Ice Bar. 
Cool little joint to just hang out and chill to begin the night or even end the night. 
Been here at least 5 times and the DJs have not disappointed. Always plays today's hits. 
Bottle service prices are better than any other place in Vegas!. Nice clean rooms with comfy beds!. Although it's not the most impressive Cirque du Soleil in terms of crazy athleticism, I think it's written extremely well and tells such a great story whilst adding the right balance of music and excitement. 

My favorite part was the little yellow rain boots. I wanted to take them home with me :).  The part with the crazy ribbons was also really trippy. So many metaphors and artistic interpretations ... really deep. My wife and I's favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  We never pass through without stopping for dinner.  It is an excellent value, and still be a wonderful dining experience at twice price.. Great pizza, great price.  I get 1 slice, wings and a drink for under $8.  Very happy when I'm there.. Pittsburgh is a great sandwich town, and Szmidt's serves up some of the very best. I'm particularly fond of the pastrami, but you really can't go wrong. Their pierogies are also the best I've ever had. Prices are very reasonable for the high quality and generous portions. Highly recommended.. I am visiting Phoenix/Tempe for a couple of days and found this place via Yelp. I got their shrimp appetizer, thai iced tea, and their Madness Duck. The food was great!!! They have a great menu and I will definitely be going back before I leave.. I found this place off a quick search of the area and I will admit, they are not five-star compared to all hotels out there, they are five star for their price (a room of similar quality would cost $20-$30+ more under the same circumstances.) The room is nice, the bar is cheap, the pool is clean, and the hospitality was great. I'm definitely coming here again.. Such a great brunch! We were worried there might not be enough food given some of the pictures shown here, but it was plenty. Quiet and casual, we would recommend for anyone looking for a good brunch spot.. Gran Canal is one of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh. This small family run business is a terrific place for a nice quiet dinner. Everything is made from scratch, even the deserts and gelato are made in house. 
From the moment you walk in the family makes you feel as if you are part of their family. Fall brings cream of tomato asiago soup and pumpkin soup. The cannelloni is to die for and the specials are always amazing. If you are lucky to get the cheesecake or the gelato sampler so you can try all of the flavors. I go any and every chance I get.. Just gonna say Horry chit, da fud is too many yum. The price is pretty decent for the quality you get, the service is very sweet and the wait staff was very enthusiastic about the menu. 


GET THE BAO. All of it. The servings are slider size so it's either meant for sharing or buy 2 for a light meal. The pork bao are probably the best I've had and the same goes for the duck which is easily on par with most joints in the LA Valley area. 

The slow cooked short ribs were super tender and the pickled garnish was a nice touch. Add bacon and eggs to help with the flavor. 

The pot stickers are fresh tasting and home made. The wonton soup was very deerrricious as well. 

The daily special was a pork belly BLT which was pretty amazing as well. Didn't have a bad dish at all. 

Love the FAT CHOY logo, it's comical. Soooo not racist :) 


Definite favorite and will come again when I'm in town.. The best store at these outlets!

Strong selections across the board, everything Nike can be found here and the prices for some of the shoes are amazing.

My wife purchased some Nike running shoes for 25 bucks... they discounted 10% because there was a tiny speck of dirt on the shoes... that's great service! 

The outlet is bigger than the others and is spaced out very well.  Plenty of help from the friendly staff and they ask you if you need help before you have to flag them down.  

The basketball shoes selection is decent, but the bread and butter belongs in the TSHIRTS!! Yesss!! 15 bucks a pop... and if you're like me, you'd love the motivating slogans.

I purchased a "MY FEET HURT FROM KICKING SO MUCH ASS" tshirt and chopped off the sleeves--needless to say I feel like a beast in the gym now thanks to the Nike Factory Store O_O.

P.S. I actually really enjoy the temperature here too... it's not as cold as some of the other stores... that counts for something right?! HAHA.. My date and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here at portillos.. She got the Italian beef and I got the big beef. Very nice flavor in the beef and the bread was excellent. Highly recommended from the two of us for sure.. I've had Sprinkler Doctors at my house to repair my irrigation system several times over the last 3 years. They always do a great job and their prices have been less than average. It seems the stars align with this company. My last experience was a complete redo of my backyard irrigation and they were on time and completed the job in less than 3 hours - pretty amazing! I appreciate great service companies like Sprinkler Doctors!. Nice place and the yogurt was yummy.  I like that they had these big bottles of carmel and stuff next to the check-out... I added a little carmel before check-out.. Amazing short rib tacos. Cool vibe. Come here!. All you can eat for $19.99! So many good things about this place.  Nice and roomy, open 'til 3am and a big karaoke room for a big party. I'll probably need to take a several shots of soju before you can get my ass to sing anything haha. Parking is hard to find though since this is a pretty busy popular small plaza.

Nigiri sushi here is better than most places I'e tried. I get them all seared, but that's just my personal preference of how I like my nigiri served. So many good things on the all you can eat menu that it's so hard to recommend just a few. But here are my favorites: Soft Shelled Crabs, Sexy Roll, Baked Mussels, Scallop Roll, and Bacon/Scallop Skewer.

For desserts, Almond Mocha Ice Cream is very good but kinda of a bummer that they don't have Tempura Ice Cream.. The best hang out and great selection of wonderful meals!! You won't be disappointed! Also great friendly staff!!. I just finished reading a review of an incident at this restaurant on 8/10/15 written by someone patting himself on the back and being untruthful about what happened.  My family and I eat here quite often.  We love the food and the service.  I don't know what place the writer was in but this restaurant doesn't have 15 people working on any shift.  When the lady fell, the bartender (who was an EMT) immediately rushed to her.  At the same time, one of the servers was doing exactly what she should by calling mall security.  The "gentleman" really didn't have to do anything since the staff was very knowledgeable about the appropriate actions to take and took them. 

I very seldom write anything on Yelp, but I do read reviews of places we want to try.  It really bothers me when someone writes inaccurate reviews.  That is not to say that things can't be wrong at times with food and service. However, let's at least be honest.

The food at this restaurant is not New York Italian, but rather, true Italian from Italy.  It is authentic and excellent.  The servers, bartenders, and manager are always helpful, polite, and accommodating.  

I have tried to correct an injustice by explaining the event and stating our enjoyment every time we dine here.. The Giles Street venue is the original home of the of the Scotch Malt Whisky Society, which for those that don't know, bottles single casks of whisky from 132 distilleries around the world (they do have Japanese and Welsh distilleries on the list. You do need to be a member to visit, although if you ask around Edinburgh, you'll soon find someone who is a member and they can sign you in as a guest.

The bar area is like a traditional members only room from the past with comfortable chairs and a roaring fire. Try and go in December and the feeling gets even better with a beautiful Christmas tree in the corner. There are also a number of private rooms that host the societies tasting events.

If you don't like whisky, it is still worth a visit just for the quality of the food that is on offer. Unlike the 28 Queen Street venue of the society it isn't fine dining but it is still great food in a bar environment. The vension burgers are to die for and the haggis, neeps and tatties is one of the best you will have.

If you do like whisky, ask behind the bar for advice on what is good and don't fall into the trap of asking for a whisky from a particular distillery because you like the supermarket version. This whisky is individual to the cask which is half the surprise as you taste a new one.. One of the most enjoyable dining experiences I've ever had. The service is outstanding with very polite and attentive staff that are obviously well trained to please the guests. The food is outstanding and I would definitely return when back in Phoenix.. We've been using Park Ave Cleaners now for almost 7 years. We bring in coats with belts, suits, button up shirts, etc. The belt is always with the coat and tagged separately so it has never been lost. The shirts are always laundered and pressed nicely. Staff is polite, most things are ready within a couple of days, and the price is great. What more do you want from your cleaner?. I eat Indian weekly and from all over NC and SC. I find Maharani to be the best in Charlotte. Their  buffet quality is outstanding. I have eaten here for years.  I have not been to Saffron, but the one in Greenville SC is my overall favorite.. The secret here are the Korean specialties on the last page of the menu.  It was my first Korean specialty, and it was really good 'seafood noodles" with black bean sauce.  Unfortunately, I don't know the exact name - I know big help I am! Maybe 'Jajangmyeon' but that isn't the name on the menu
I know (now) that the spicy seafood soup is really featured and I will definitely try that if we get back here.
The presentation was cool, a large bowl of noodles and the sauce with shrimp in a separate bowl.  Our server mixed it in front of me.  She seemed pretty happy that I ordered it.  The bean sauce was a little less seasoned than I expected, but it was very good.

Eileen had her usual- orange chicken, and it was certainly not overcooked, but could have been hotter.

Overall, very good!. This place is the real deal for coneys.  Best in AZ and in a blind taste test I bet you'd have trouble telling which chili was "made in Detroit" and which was made in Tempe.  Even better they do not short you on the chili.  They provide enough to where it overflows just a little bit with each bite.  Additionally, they also give an ample amount of chili on the chili fries so that you don't have all the ones on the bottom without chili.  

My only complaint, if you can even call it that, were the fries themselve were not exactly like you'd get at a coney in Detroit.  This is not to say they are not good...because they are very tasty...they are just different.