Great dentist.  Beautiful office.  Professional staff.  I have been going to Dr. Stark since 2011, and I highly recommend her.. It seems like every time we come to Vegas we always end up here for brunch. Of course food here is delicious, I haven't bad anything that I didn't enjoy from here. However, the wait time for the food to get to your table could get a little long depending on the time of the day. 

Steak skewers and the French style omelette are my very favorite. Cannot wait to come back next time and try their pizza!. I've been to this location a few times for routine services and for new tires twice.  The service is friendly and efficient like it is at most Discount Tire locations.  Their time estimates for getting work done have always been accurate, which is important to me so I can work it in between other appointments with my customers.  Every time I compare the price, nobody else sells them for less, even online.. As a self proclaimed carnivore, I really should not like this place. The truth is I love Thrive. The people are great. The food tastes fresh and I have enjoyed everything so far. 
I've had the breakfast bagel and the Curry Quinoa Bowl. Both were delicious, despite the lack of meat. 
The smoothies are great as well. My only complaint is that food this fresh and healthy is always more expensive than the processed and refined food that we eat. Please support this place so more will open and the prices will come down and we will all feel better.. We haven't been to this restaurant in a while but our most recent experience was very enjoyable because of our waiter Anthony. He and the food were both great. We will be returning again especially when the weather cools down for the patio. Burgers are the best and so is beer selection.. *This review is for Dr. Mickey*

I went to a new doctor in the Gilbert-area several months back, and was not happy with the treatment I received. With that said, I started the search for a new doctor. It was at this point, where I stumbled upon Dr. Mickey, and decided to give her a shot. 

Right from the beginning of my first appt. with her, I could tell she was much more thorough and inquiring than the previous doctor I had seen. I felt much better with how I was treated as a patient, and it was nice to actually have her seem like she cared about my concern. I have been back since, and will continue to have Dr. Mickey be my primary provider.. The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly! Clarissa makes sure that the food is always perfect and that all expectations are met! I will definitely continue to eat here several times a week!. I love this place.  Casual, relatively inexpensive and consistently good food.  I've pretty much been to all their locations and this one is no different.  Solid food and solid service.  It has been a while since I've been to a Sauce so I did notice the addition of 2 bruschettas to the menu.  We had to try it so we ordered the portebella and artichoke one.  I know it isn't the best most fancy brushetta, but I really did love it.  The bread was crispy and fluffy yet not so hard; just the way I like it.  I also like it that they don't bombard you with 27 different options for bruschetta.  There are only 2 to choose from so that was nice.

For my main meal I had 1/2 of a turkey pannini and a small Caesar salad - one of their "mix-it" meals.  Both were excellent and I would order them again.  Anyway, I can't wait to go back for any of their soups/salads/paninis/pizzas as they are all excellent.. Wow! The food was delicious! 

We were in Vegas for business and pleasure. We decided to head over Bouchon for Saturday early lunch. The wait was not bad at all, 30 minutes maybe? So we sat at the bar and enjoyed a beverage while we waited for our table. I was a little thrown off by how many people wearing tanks, tees and shorts. 

The waiter was on it! Damien Drake was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. We were not sure on a starter, he suggested a beet salad. It was sauteed beets with goat cheese. Loved it! 

We decided on Chicken and Waffles as our entree. Waffles? Chicken? I thought this is the craziest combination I had ever heard of! Damien said it was something I had to try. He described the plate and how the sweet syrup combines with the savory waffle and then the chicken adds another layer of flavor.  He was right.  The waffle was crispy but fluffy.  The chicken was tender and moist. When combined with the maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter, it was heaven!  Loved it!. Wow what a place!! nice decor and the staff was pleasant and had great suggestions. Took the time to explain their menu and unlike damn strbks I could actually hear what she said and didn't have to YELL my order!! So relaxing this place. The whole experience is better than any and their macadamia, walnut I think muffins are to die for!! My wife had the cinnamon roll  and it was enough for a family. Hurry and go there or better yet right next to the theatre before the movie.. Very good, so good you might just forget your stuck in Vegas and not the islands that this restaurant reminds you of. I always get the Teriyaki combo which has pork, chicken, and beef, and of course a big scoop of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice. A friend of mine which introduced me to the restaurant is from Honolulu and just loves the food also. 
When I first moved to Vegas me and a friend were looking for some karaoke and just stumbled on the bar portion. Which they are connected but if you weren't hungry you would not step into the restaurant side.
Anyway the atmosphere of just laid back fun is great, the karaoke is great fun and free, with a one drink minimum of course.. So. Delicious. We are from out of town and were staying up the road. Decided to give it a try and were we sooooo NOT disappointed. This was some of the best sushi I have ever had. Thanks Ryan (manager maybe owner) your service was top notch.. Jamms is like a trip to grandmas house. Yelping never tasted so good. I'm going with the corn beef hash and free pot of bread for every yelped eat it up yum!. BY FAR the best indian food in Madison...even beats some of the best indian restaurants I've eaten at in the Los Angeles area.. We just had Shawn and his crew do some work to a vehicle of ours again after preparing for the worst (2-3 in repair bills) we walked out with only 536.00 being spent.

Dropped our vehicle off the evening before and picked it up the next afternoon, the mechanic fixed a issue we didn't know we had and got us back on the road, our family car runs like it did new and we left without a huge hole in our bank account.

It's hard to find a reliable mechanic that isn't going to gouge you.. You get what you pay for...and I can honestly say...I've never had a better steak, crab cake or better service anywhere. Wine list is rediclously vast and impressive.  The atmosphere was also amazing.  For your next special occasion, do yourself a favor and go to rare.. I have lived in New York and California and both those states have there fair share of good Indian restaurants so I know good Indian food when I see it.. there chicken makhani with boneless tandoori chicken is amazing. This is a burger that could spawn a dramatic increase in American Obesity. 

I got the Sin City Burger with Cheddar. It was better than all the pretenders: In N Out, Five Guys, Red Robin, even the Mighty Midwest Culvers. It was perfectly balanced, full of excellent everything, and glorious in every way. Every way. Even unwrapping it the stuff that fell out (glorious melty cheese, fresh grilled onions...) was spectacular.

The smash fries were pretty solid. Probably would have been improved by condiments. Price was excellent. Burger came out in five minutes, everyone was nice and I could have had a beer. Perfection in a burger joint. Perfection.

This is the best burger I have ever had, anywhere, at any price. I don't want to eat other food anymore. I just want to live here.. Come here for the PHO. Everything g else was pretty good but the lobster phi is delicious. Service was amazing too. Nice to get some craft spirits to compliment all the beer that's out there these days. We had a couple of cocktails and were hooked. The bar shared a few recipes, and we left with a bottle each of Whiskey, Rum, and Ouzo. Yeah! You can even go home with a barrel. Looked fun.

Was there on a sunny day so took a spot at the picnic tables out front and enjoyed a well mixed cocktail, including their take on a Sazerac and a rum-based manhattan served tall in a pint glass. Both were excellent.

FYI, we stumbled on this place looking for Underground Meats. They share a building, but if you want to buy their charcuterie, go to Willy St Co-op. It's not for sale here. Just in case you were looking.... This is just a fantastic mall. It's bright and airy and VERY spacious with a great selection of stores and restaurants. There's a good food court on the top level but there are places to eat throughout the mall. It's a big mall but not so big that you will get lost...well on our last visit I had a hard time trying to find the exit back to the LV strip, but maybe I just didn't do a good job following the signs. There's a lot of construction out front as they're completely redoing the plaza with more stores and restaurants, so this mall will only get better. Love it!. I have tried to come here a few times and it has always feel through due to circumstances in their kitchen or time restraints. I finally got a chance to dine here this afternoon and I instantly forgot about all the past frustrations. 

I came in around 11:30am and got sat right away in the front parlor. With  large windows to my left, I had ample amounts of natural light to read and pace my meal. I have worked in many restaurants and feel like the Barrymore is one of the best with timing. They coursed out my meal with exceptional precision. The wait between each dish was minimal to almost nonexistent. Lindsey did a phenomenal job on checking up on me. She had this section by herself and it got busy halfway through my meal. At this point, the rest of the staff jumped in to remove finished plates and refill waters. 

I started off with a cocktail. The spring buzz was the perfect drink for this hot summer day. It is a mixture of Hangar One Wild Blueberry, Kübler Absinthe, ginger beer, fresh lemon, berry syrup. Hangar One is my favorite infused vodka. It can be served on the rocks and be easily appreciated. Barrymore, you had me at ginger beer. The drink was zippy, fresh, and light. I did not get a buzz from it, but was enamored with the bits of berries floating around from the house made syrup. 

A cocktail to sip, a book in hand, and a few minutes to kill before my french onion soup came out was the backdrop for a wonderful experience. Once the soup arrived, it was a cauldron of aromatic beauty. Dig past the layer of melted cheese and baguette leads to a bounty of caramelized onions in a rich broth. If I was in the comfort of my own home, I would have tipped the bowl over to get every succulent drop.

A warm belly in the summer time does not always feel pleasant, but I was in a insouciant mood. Beads of sweat was making their way down my brow, but my bibb and heart of palm salad rectified that quickly. The combination of give from the heart of palm balanced the slight crisp from the lettuce and the smoother texture of the tomato and egg. There was no complaint about the creamy dressing. It did not weigh down the salad and was obviously homemade. 

The previous two dishes was my attempt at being an appetizer yet I felt it could have been my whole meal in retrospect. Satisfaction had long washed over me, but a steakhouse burger was to come. I am on the search for the perfect burger and it was gratifying. The kitchen cooked it to a cool pink center. I had crossed the threshold of hunger into a whole new realm. I could not truly savor the multifaceted meal due to my state of excess, so packed up the remaining three quarters and called it a day. What I did taste was divine. The mix of frisee greens and the bacon marmalade with caramelized onions stood out against the more subtle gruyere cheese. The steak sauce on the side is a complimentary element to everything on the plate. Especially the seasoned fries. 

Tapping out before dessert, I am given an excuse to come back and visit again. It was a pleasant experience from beginning to end.. I wish I could give you 1,000 stars for how awesome the food and service is. This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had anywhere in the country and you will see me say that on the BBQ Diva TV show when it airs on travel channel. I love to get the two meat plate with brisket, sausage, jalapeño grits and beans. I'm not a fan of grits but holy crap those are amazing. If you want to get a parking spot get there before 11am during the week. I try to be there at 1030am and expect to wait 1 hour until food is on your plate.. This business is by far the best secondary Mac/computer/iPhone fix and repair business I have ever been to outside of Apple. I actually would prefer them over Apple because of the high quality equipment/parts/service/technicians without a weeks wait to get to a Genius Bar at Apple. They will work with you and give you the best options for at least half price. They have 5 locations and are very successful making this company legit unlike those cheap fix it now iPhone computer places. 
I will be back.. I introduced this joint to my five companions on my most recent trip to Sin City and they immediately made it their dining choice every night (i should say morning..) for the remainder of the trip.

You can't go wrong coming to this place, unless you try to eat at around 7pm. In that case, expect a 75min wait for the best value restaurant in the county.. Jesse cuts my hair here and does a great job. I never kept my hair long because the awful Staten Island mall barbers made me look like a sewer rat. Jesse styles it really well and my coworker told me I have the best hair in the office now.. This place has excellent croissants with a great selection of delicious flavors. Great for breakfast and lunch!. I came back a second time for happy hour with friends and can honestly say that I had an awesome experience this time around. We ordered oyster shooters without quite realizing what they were; they definitely aren't for the faint of heart! Peppered vodka, horseradish, cocktail sauce, and two oysters all served in an 8 ounce cup. I actually enjoyed it, but I can't say the same for one of the girls who took it.

I got the Oysters Rockefeller this time around and they were amazing! I stole a couple raw oysters from my friends too, and walked away thoroughly impressed. Extra points for having Smithwicks on tap.. The casino is still one of our favorite places to gamble and its beautiful, and they have a Rubios, but all the restaurants there have been very disappointing, LBS and Salt Lick are among the worst, the Mexican place is decent though.. So delicious I love it!! Macaroons are amazing , flat screen TVs everywhere! Boba is amazing. I love the modern look inside. The strawberry cake here is to die for! Also the shave ice has so much flavor it's unbelievable. Great pizza, great price! I've heard people talk of it for 20 (?) years and wish I had come sooner. Great food!. Stuffed spicy burger is great. The waffle fry nachos with the sloppy joe short rib meat is excellent and a must.. Best movie theater in Charlotte in terms of location. Prices for food are outrageous..as expected. A medium drink is the size of my head; who needs that much soft drink?. Awesome BBQ, The really know how to smoke a brisket!!!  One of my favorite places to eat!!!!. Fantastic Mexican food.  Great value, awesome salsa, and friendly staff.  Highly recommend.. I'm not sure how a neighborhood bar could get much better. A huge selection of craft beer including a rotating selection on tap, a beer of the month feature, a comfortable bar, terrific owners who are incredibly friendly and helpful by letting you taste something new, a really fine menu of sandwiches and appetizers from their deli next door, and a good vibe all around. Frankly, I could care less about the fact the Wonder Boys was partially filmed here. If anything, I put that in the detriment category.  My standards for a good bar are not at all related to who's been there before me. Who cares?

The owners Dean and Irene have had the place for a long time. Dean is such a great and friendly guy and he has a fabulous memory. Go there once, sit at the bar, and he'll remember you the next time you come in. I like that. 

The food is quite good and my most recent sandwich was the Greek cheese steak with feta cheese. Mmmmmmmm. A real delight. 

If I'm in the neighborhood at either Nicky's or Benjamin's I try to pop in for a cold draft. Who knows what might be on tap? I know it will be something delightful for sure! Highly recommended!!. We finally got to the Salt Cellar!  

We have lived in the area for a little over a year and have heard great things about it, but hadn't been there.  It is as good as we have heard.  

You would not realize that you have arrived, except for the smallish sign on the property.  The restaurant is actually below ground.  You walk down a flight of steps to get to the restaurant.

The selection of seafood, for both appetizers and entrees, is extensive as is the wine list.  The preparation and presentation are exceptional. The service by Scott is very good.

My wife had a halibut dinner with lemon and caper sauce.  I had a seared Ahi with some sipices.  Both were excellent.

To find seafood and service this good will bring us back.. This was our very first time at Novanta, and didn't really know what to expect... We arrived at 10:59 AM on a Saturday morning... The sign said "Closed" but we decided to pull in to get a closer look... They opened at 11:00 and Nicole met me at the door with a bright smile, as she was flipping the sign to "Open"  And welcomed us in as their first customers of the Day.   The restaurant itself is very bright and clean and the food displayed in the cases and the fresh pizza ingredients all looked fresh and recently stocked.  The menus are very easy to read, and the choices, while simple, were still overwhelming as EVERYTHING looked and sounded Delicious.  The next person we met was Nick* who also welcomed us to Novanta introduced himself, and was extremely friendly, down to earth and very helpful.  

We told him this was our first time at the Novanta, and he welcomed us, introduced us to the rest of the staff, and asked if we would like a personal run down of their menu items, and a walk through of their process...  We gladly accepted his offer, and were treated with a very detailed overview of the products, and the history behind the store and the fresh and house made as well as imported products, and ingredients they offer, Nick is someone who exudes passion for what he does.  That alone would have made this a fire star experience... 

But then we ordered and received our food... 

I ordered the Vegetariana pizza, and my wife ordered the Clasico Panini both featured their House Mozzarella and fresh local ingredients...  Before I could finish pulling up Yelp on my phone, and started to Check in, our food was being delivered to our table.  NOT FAST FOOD... Fresh Food Served Fast...  

You can watch them build your pizza from scratch, by hand, and follow it into the  European Brick oven for a quick "Novanta" (90) Second bake in the 900 degree Wood Fired Oven.  The end result is a beautifully, slightly charred chewy crisp crust topped with a perfect blend of ingredients. 

The Panini selections can be viewed from the counter, many examples are assembled, and ready to be pressed into perfection in the Panini maker... Here too, you can see the selection of available ingredients, and watch them hand cut the fine meats to a thin perfection.  The Panini came with a side salad of mixed greens and their house olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. 

Both plates arrived hot, and fresh.  They were both visually pleasing to look at, and the portions were very well balanced. 

Both were excellent in flavor and textures.  The Panini golden crisp on the outside, with a perfect blend of flavors from the meat, cheese and tomato center.

The pizza crust was perfection, a few charred (but not too charred) spots on the crust gave a true Neapolitan style pizza flavor... It was also one of the more tender wood fired crusts that I have experienced... Very light, and soft, yet crisp and charred.  The perfect blend of flavors and crushed tomatoes (which they do right in the store) It was heaven on a plate!  :)  

If you go, bring a friend... Each order something different and share it... You wont regret it... and it will help you to get through the menu a little faster the next time around... Cause you will be back!  

* We found out later that Nick was one of the owners of the establishment.  His pride, and passion for what he does, really shines through, not only in the food he serves, but also in the staff and atmosphere of the store as well.. Just one lunch visit to this oddly angled and hard to find storefront, and I'm convinced Bertha's value and attention to detail exceeds that found at more heralded, pricier luncheonettes. 

Fresh squeezed lemonade is just that. The best potato salad ($1.95) I've encountered;  precisely softened baby reds dusted in dill and not too much mayo. Hefty, succulent curry chicken wrap ($6.50), perfectly balanced and assembled, accompanied by a fresh chocolate nut cookie.  $4 turkey chili, which was either 16 or 20 oz, and comes with nice brioche toast. 

It's absurd to think my mom and me conveniently lunched here for less than $20, and brought home food, whereas later that evening, after waiting half an hour for a table, my wife and I spent more than twice that at Chelsea's, for a decidedly inferior meal.. I bought a MacBook Pro from them and it had a minor issue so I took it back in. They gave me the option of repairing it for free or an even exchange. 
Thank you for help guys!. I went for the first time ever on a random Tuesday night.  4 words, I will be back. Really nice crew led by Jessica behind the bar.  Place was very lively and lit, perfect for a sports bar.  

I just stopped in to see the place, and the staff kept me there for for well over an hour.  

Great work, see yall soon!. Gotta love the protein pancakes! Great service.. I'm was on the look for a good barber here in Phoenix since I move from California, I got on yelp and looked for barber shops with good reviews and this place didn't disappointed. I got a hair cut with Steven's son and very pleased that way he did my fade and taper. So if your looking for a good barber here's the place to go.. This is a family tradition for me......... breakfast everytime I come home to visit the parents.  
Classic midwestern diner, in the middle of the desert.
Loved the corn beef hash.. I was given 200 dollars by an overly drunk and frighteningly happy frat boy at a blackjack table at Harrah's at 6:00 in the morning.  I am not exactly sure how or why he gave me said money, but I remember trying to give it back and he consistently refused, eventually the dealer gave me a look that said "leave, before he starts losing and sobers up."  So I did.  But what to do with the money?  Well, 100 went into longer term savings, and 100 I decided to blow on a fancy dinner alone.  After wandering the strip looking for a worthy restaurant I stumbled in to Jaleo.
First things first.  Order a gin and tonic, they are amazing.  I was skeptical, given that it is a Tapas restaurant, but do yourself the favor and order one.  I also found myself drinking some wine that was good, but not mind blowing (like the G&T's).
The food is awesome, if you have not been to Spain before order a bunch of dishes from all over the place.  I always recommend paying for pork, and theirs is top notch, definitely the high quality stuff.  I like the Jamon Serrano, but find one that is in your price range and enjoy placing it in your mouth and letting it melt like butter.
Skip the Paella, it looks good and the fire is a neat little bit of flair but I wasn't impressed and found it to be the most overpriced item I ordered.  I can't really remember any of the other dishes I had, but everything else was good to great, with the Ham, and the Gin and Tonic being my stand out favorites and the Paella being good, but not on par with everything else.
I occasionally indulge myself in fancy restaurants and this place is high on my list in Las Vegas, I will certainly be returning.. I'm disappointed that this store isn't here anymore. I was always able to get great prices on Ben Sherman shirts that usually are a bit more expensive when bought at another location.. Excellent food, Excellent Service

I would definitely go back here again.  However, given all the availability of the sushi restaurants in Vegas, I would probably go with Japaneiro first since it is a local restaurant, and then I would consider either going to Katsuya or Sushi Roku if I wanted to eat on the strip.  If I just wanted sushi, I would go to SoHo or Yama Sushi.. What a FANTASTIC find!  My first trip to Ireland was earlier this year, and I've been craving pasties ever since.  After a random Google search, I found this place..followed by a quick lookup of reviews on Yelp.  Let me tell you, the excellent reviews on Yelp are spot on!

Today was my first visit.  I ordered 2 pasties for pickup during my lunch hour, as I figured I'd eat half of each one and save the rest for dinner(IF it was any good).  I got the Cheese Steak(10 out of 10) and the Shepherd's Pie(8 out of 10).  After a 15 minute drive back to work, they were still piping hot!  And the taste absolutely blew me away.  The Cheese Steak was PHENOMENAL....it will be hard not to order that the next few times I go, but eventually I'd like to try the many other creations they have.

I've heard their Happy Hour is fantastic, so I intend on rounding up some friends to check that out sometime soon!. Cheap good food been eating here for a while now. I love this place -- for some reason, German food doesn't seem to have quite the draw of, say, Italian, but I think that's because most people haven't tried the real thing. Haus Murphy's does it right. 

If you're worried about whether you'll enjoy German cuisine, don't be. The chicken schnitzel with white wine sauce is an excellent place to start (if you need one -- if you don't, it's still delicious). Give it a try!. I had no idea that you could get such first rate food at a "pub".  My assumption was that you could only get "pub food", but my friends and I were dazzled by the menu and even more by the execution of the meals.  The salmon plate, the shrimp tacos and my orange chicken were all plated with such finesse.  And all were as equally impressed by the taste.  

They also have a multitude of craft beers to choose from... both local and global.

The interior ambiance was excellent.  I think it would be fun to be seated in the front patio, but we were seated in the inner mall patio.  The ambiance here is not so great...feels like you are sitting in the malls food court.. so I recommend inside or front exterior patio.

The service was top notch.  Quick and often, and very personable.. My son summed up lunch perfectly:  "It's just awesome and healthy."  Get a protein plate with Chicken or Tri-Tip and a side of the sweet potato hash.  It is really the perfect meal in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale.  My wife and daughter had salads and they loved them.  To top it off we each had some of their green juices (Liver Cleanse and Power Green).  Can't wait until they open up closer to home in California.. AYCE sushi is back!
Went in and got my sushi grub on.  Really fresh fish and really yummy seafood bowls (karai and tuna bowl was the best).  Plus, the sushi chefs love to have beer with you if you let them.. pretty cool in my book.  Definitely coming back to grub here again and with a AYCE sushi dinner price of $23.95, I'll definitely be back a wayyyy more often.. I was really surprised at this place. They have a few beers on tap that are made in Vegas and the bartender was cool enough to put the Kings game on. He even changed the audio to it as well. Prices were very reasonable and even served beers in proper glassware. Basically, it looks like they give a crap.

Good times!. Really cute retro themed hotel. Not over the top but tasteful 60's cues throughout. Nice pool area with covered seating and flat screens. Outdoor couches and funky style chairs. Of course lounge chairs for laying out as well. Trendy spa like music plays throughout the grounds. Not loud, just enough to create an atmosphere. The room we stayed in was a 2 bedroom upgraded suite. If your into having a tasteful retro weekend or have fond memories of growing up in this era you'll like the rooms. Clean bedding, acceptable bed. Front lobby was nice and welcoming as well.. Jason McGrath of McGrath & Speilberger has prepared legal documents and filed state paperwork on a business venture that I am a part of. Mr. McGrath handled everything professionally and in a timely manner. I recommend anyone that needs legal services to contact Jason. He is extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and courteous.. This is my favorite place to eat and drink while in Charlotte.  
  Always good food and great service. Wings are better than most elsewhere. Fish and chips is also excellent. 
  Great beer selection as well.. My wife and I decided to come get the Sunday after thanksgiving. The wait was less than 5 minutes. The waitress was so sweet and kind. Super efficient. My wife had the eggs Benedict and brioche  bepancakrs. I had bacon sausage. Biscuits and gravy and a side of the protein power pancakes. Everything was amazing! This place knows how to do breakfast right.all the small things are done well,  like sirens butter,  water craffs on the table. Your coffee never find dry. Everything is done well. We love Everything!. Good, healthy food. Good variety of sandwiches, salads and wraps if you are looking for healthy options. Been here for lunch and breakfast and never had a problem and was always satisfied with our order. Fair prices, good staff.. Started with the beignets. Have eaten them at the cafe DuMonde in New Orleans-these were just as good! My husband had the quiche of the day-AWESOME! My daughter had the French toast from the kids menu-almost finished it. For her little 7 yr old stomach- THATS A COMPLIMENT!! I had the eggs Benedict-some of the BEST I've had!! We sat outside in the beautiful fall air. LOVED the atmosphere! But the most outstanding thing that made our visit here so wonderful was our awesome waiter PHIL LOERA.  He made our first time visit here out of this world. Based on our waiter, our food, and the awesome atmosphere, we will DEFINITELY be back!!!! Would drive the 3 hours it takes to get here for us!. AMAZING "street taco" place. Only $2 a taco! RIGHT??
I have been to both locations, this one and the one on the strip.
Both are fantastic!

I love it SO MUCH! It reminds me of when I have visited Tijuana, then I found out that is where the original one is! YES - so happy!

Yes, it kind of looks like a dive. Trust me,Tacos El Gordo makes me one happy GRINGO! - And I am frequently the ONLY Gringo in the place when we are here!


Here is the deal- the food is super tasty.
The Adobada tacos are my fave! It is spicy pork cooked "gyro style" shaved off one taco at a time! Was also introduced to a "Mulas" taco here. Which is basically a melted cheese, meat of your choice taco sandwich - OMG SO GOOD!

Go to either location and enjoy!. Excellent place. Was there for lunch on a Sunday. 
Had the Farm burger with a glass of Pinot Noir and Sweet potato fries. Excellent!
The waiter was ok, not great, but the food was very very good.. This restaurant truly delivers.  We enjoyed our visit and had a fantastic meal.  My wife and I had a green curry dish and an eggplant based vegetable dish that were very good.  We reccomend!. Top notch painters. I called half a dozen painters before i contacted DR paint. All of the other painters I got (or attempted) to get quotes from were overpriced, didn't return calls or never showed up for quotes. Rob the owner was great to deal with and very professional, he explained everything in great detail and explained various types of paints.  He delivered as promised and on time and at very competitive price. They spray the paint vs rolling on which I actually prefer as the paint coverage is very consistent. Only negative i can think of is the first guy who arrived to put up masking walked in the house after arriving late and 1st thing he asked was where the closest grocery store was and just left. Not a huge deal but just understand the work is outsourced and Rob is not the one who paints, but that is quite normal and didn't affect the quality at all.  Highly recommended... Drove through to grab beverages prior to heading into the Cannery with family in from out of town. The line was a little lengthy, but they shuttled the caffeine craving patrons through rather quickly. The quick service and friendly drive thru attendant were better than  the average drive thru experience.. This place has been one my favorite spots to eat at Town Square since it opened. Good food, good vibe, and good music playing for the most part. I ate there yesterday and they had Sisqo's "Thong Song" playing. I don't think you can top that.... Pretty cut and dry formula. All you can eat pizza, a little pasta and I think I saw salad,but seriously? Salad? You can't beat the price, $8.15 including a drink. I would like to have seen a few more choices of specialty pizzas, but they kept them coming and also were good about clearing the used plates. I'm sure their desert "pizzas" aren't too healthy, but they tasted great!. great company, came out fast to my rental. diagnosed the issue and fixed it for a fair rate. Highly recommend using these guys for any a/c needs. Good to know there are honest company's out there. Thanks instant air !. They did a great job replacing my existing attic unit. The technicians showed up on time, were clean, courteous and did a good job of cleaning up after they were done. We got several bids from other A/C companies and I am glad that we chose them.. We took longer to order food than it took to come out, and it was amazing. Complimented by a selection of good beers, color me impressed.. I knew that not having credit history was going to make it hard to finance a car but let me tell you that Brian and Hiram did the impossible to help me get a good deal. Hiram was the person who I interacted the most and he truly cares about his costumers. Definitively treated my wife and myself like we were family. Not only great costumer service but thanks to Hiram and Brian we now own our first car. Mike at the Finance department was excellent also, they were about to close and he answered all our questions and was very patient. They all dedicated a good amount of time giving great costumer service until the end. I highly recommend this place. They have the highest Chrysler/Jeep/Dodge dealership ratings in Las Vegas and it is not a casualty. They deserve it!. This 5 star review is my huge thank you to Arrivederci and its staff for allowing us to host a 50 person birthday party on a Sunday before their normal operating hours.  That example indicates how nice the staff is and it carries over to their excellent Italian food.

Our party started off with 2 appetizers: the cheese au gratin covered Portabello mushrooms (unbelievably tasty!) and the caprese (excellent, but I focused on the mushrooms more).  We then moved onto a baby greens salad and finally our choice of either spaghetti and meatballs or lasagna. The meatballs were succulent, but I'll be damned if that wasn't the best lasagna I have ever had!

The staff was professional, courteous and extremely helpful.  I look forward to returning to try out more from their main menu selections.  Thanks again, Arrivederci for hosting a great 40th birthday party for my cousin.  

**Tip 1**
Save time to snap a couple of pics next to the Ferrari Testarossa outside of the restaurant.

**Tip 2**
Look for that red Testarossa because the place is a little hard to find!. These guys are amazing.  They came right to my office and took care of my windshield replacement.  The entire staff from the customer service people on the phone to the installer were awesome.  I won't ever use anyone else.. it's cheap and tasty...just like me.. Good food, good value.  The people working there are very nice and helpful.  They have delivery as well.. Best gun garage ever! Everybody here is so nice and guide you step by step through the process. We are visiting from California and will definitely come back. Thank you for the amazing experience guys!. Very friendly people. We really enjoy Maria. Food  is excellent especially for breakfast. We come for the fresh biscuits. Night time specials are good and reasonably priced. Parking is plentiful. Good room available for parties or meetings.. The tacos are filled with great flavor!! Street tacos, so they are kinda small but not that pricey.:) The fish and shrimp tacos are great! And make sure you get the spicy salsa from behind the counter! Will be back soon!!. A bull's head wearing a luchador mascara? a foosball table game used as a dining table? red bead drapes and food served on a shoe?... Modern furniture in blacks and whites accented by primary colors the perfect setting for a Pedro Almodovar movie is where all this Jaleo takes place.
 Came here on a Monday for luch, the place was empty but for one other table, we were promptly seated and offered water. For drinks I was tempted to order the famous gin and tonic but we wanted to keep it more authentic and opted for the sangria instead (Last time I paid 20.00 for a G&T there was a pole and a stage) besides,.. the sangria was very good, lightly sweet and perfectly refreshing.
 To start we ordered the pan de cristal con tomate fresco which is nothing more than crispy bread with fresh tomato. Very simple but very good, although 12.00 seems a little steep for something you would consider chips and salsa....I know, I know.."you're on the strip."
 There are so many things on the menu that I would love to try but we were here for the paella and we stuck to the plan. We ordered the lunch special, bocata del dia, a three course meal for 26.00 it came with ensalada verde, gazpacho de remolacha with goat cheese and of course the star of it all...chicken and mushroom paella!
Cooked on their real wood fire pit the way paellas should be cooked. Texture and flavor was very good, I just wished it had more meat variety like shrimp, calamari and chorizo the way I'm used to paellas and yes the price would be higher but it would be be better than making a paella with half the ingredients just so they can call it a deal.
 Service was great. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, he was able to describe every single item and ingredient, to the grains of salt that were used, so well I could see and taste everything way before it got to my table.
By the time we were leaving this place was starting to fill up, it is really a great place for great food, great presentation, and great fun..I'm sure I'll be back, I need to try that famous gin and tonic and also some of that jamón ibérico. 
If you haven't been here, grab your friends, rob a bank and get that Jaleo started!. Jay R pretty much sums it up with "something for everyone". Yeah it's a little corporate and ostentatious in some spots, but Charlotte needed something like this in Uptown. While I prefer the surrounding neighborhood spots around town, Epicentre does have some fun spots, such as the theater and the rooftop pavilion for events like Alive After Five in the summer. I enjoy Strike City as well, for sports watching, though the OSU fans can kiss my...well, you know...ha. 

Overall, the concept is right, though some of the execution and attitudes of the business owners makes me laugh...you can't deny it adds something positive to the Uptown scene...especially for those short-term out of town guests (insert smile).. I've been here 3-4 times when I am in the area, always been pretty good for me, food is much  better than I can get in Texas. Beef chimi is excellent, decent cheese crisp too. No issues with the service, not super fast but not deal breaking slow either.. Nice farmers market, we go on Saturdays and they open at 9:00. Maybe 35-40 vendors, seasonal fruit, veggies, meat, eggs, fish, candles, soaps, nuts, milk, cheese.  Definitely more expensive than Earthfare but worth it. Bring cash. Spent $80 today without trying. Hours may be different in the winter, and fewer vendors, but still good stuff.. How I missed reviewing this place in my Yelping escapades is beyond me. 

Bold statement in 3...2...1....Chapala's is the best Mexican restaurant in Vegas...I know, I just blew your mind. But seriously, the food is that good. It's a staple dining option in the Jason L. household.

WARNING, please do not let the following statement deter you from going. Their salsa is below average. If they had great salsa I might give them a bonus star. Not sure why, it's pretty generic mild & hot soupy salsa. An improvement here and this would be a huge bonus.

I've eaten various things on the menu, my favorite would have to be the Enchiladas Ranchera. The creamy white sauce they use is awesome, and hard to find elsewhere. Always cooked to perfection. They have outstanding beans and rice to compliment the entree. Service is generally very good. If your not feeling the Enchilada vibe then go a little lighter with the Grampa Tostada. You have the option of a meat (chicken is juicy, moist, and you receive a generous portion). Their traditional enchiladas and tacos are also excellent. Ground beef always has great flavor and their enchilada sauce isn't weird (you know what I mean, that mole/cinnamony strange sauce we all come across from time to time). 

Another warning and tip...they offer coupons in the LV Review Journal on Wednesday's in the Taste Section and Friday's in the Night & Day pull out. *warning* They will not accept the coupon if it's not presented prior before placing your order. Do not test them, they have signs (every-friggin-where).. My wife and I had an awesome time with my wife. The food was awesome and the drink selection was impressive. The service was great, we will be back!. Other than the price being ridiculous, this place is pretty good. 

The lobsicle which I got battered and fried was very juicy and succulent. Would only suggest that they use a different type of breading if possible. 

Also got the truffle lobster roll. Again was really good and flavors were on point. 

Good service from the cashiers on multiple requests.. Love this Place.. 

-Great Food 
-Great Drinks
-Great Happy Hour
-Great Service
-Great Decor, Location, Views, Ambiance
-& Great Live Music on Friday nights..

If you are looking for very nice place for dinner, or a nice date night. 
Look no more.. Perfectly whole roasted suckling pig is to die for. It does not get any better than this. Need to order it the day before so they can roast it all day for you. The butcher steak tartar and tuna carpaccio was amazing. Bring more people and make a big tasting party out of it.  The ambience is cool. The service is great and the chef himself comes out and say hello and ask if everything is great. Great to have this new place in Summerlin.. If you're looking for a great local coffee spot with plenty of tables, free wifi and local flare, then Xtreme Bean is your spot. They have a wide array of drinks and they're open later than most Phoenix area coffee shops. The place is cool especially since it's a retrofit from a bank. Great spot for creatives.. Delicious x 100!!! I have been here over 30 times, I used to pick it up before working at the hospital and everyone was jealous of the food I brought with me to work. My entire family has been here numerous times. The food is fresh and on point! Great pricing. Keep up the great work.. New location, same great service, same great food!!!!!. After reading favorable reviews of the restaurant, this was my first time dining there.  The glitch in the meal occurred when my wife and I were seated.  As parties which arrived after us were greeted and beverages delivered to them, we were ignored for over ten minutes, this despite being seated at the first booth and personnel passing by regularly.  Eventually, Nicole came to take care of us and from that point, everything went right.  The restaurant is attractive and comfortable, the tables and booths nicely spaced.  The place is quiet enough for parties to converse without having to raise their voices.  The prices are standard: no bargains here save for the Internet coupon which offers half off one Italian speciality entree when two are purchased Monday through Thursday. The coupon can provide two nice, complete dinners for about $24. My wife and I ordered a large vegetable calzone and large pizza with meatballs.  Both were delicious and unique, and the calzone was packed with vegetables and cheese. With a glass of wine and a Guinness blond draft beer, the tab was $43+, not including gratuity. One takes the check to the front desk to pay.  There, a gentleman whom I suspect is a co-owner, asked me how the meal was, and was pleasant and gracious. I want to try some of the specialty entrees and fried zucchini on future visits, one of my favorite dishes.  We shall return to Carbonaras, which thankfully for us, is within fifteen minutes of our home!. I am biased towards Situl:  going to Situl has been a longstanding tradition with my Charlotte friends that started when I was in college, and there are a lot of fond and important memories I associate with this restaurant.  That being said, this is my go-to Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  The service is not top-notch and the prices somewhat high -- but that's been most of my experience with Charlotte Indian restaurants.  We've waited over an hour for food before.  Additionally they don't go as hot as I'd like them to -- but then, I like spicy food that hits the threshold of pain.  The amount they spice the food will appeal to most of their customers.  

The food is fantastic, though.  Some of my favorite Indian (and Indo-Chinese) food.   Currently I am living in New York and Situl is one of those places I will have to visit each time I am in NC to visit.  Just writing this makes me want to order some Chicken Manchurian!. Best BBQ I've ever had, the wife and I stumbled upon this gem on yelp. The reviews were great so we decided to try it. We fell in love with this place. We ordered meals with two meat choices each. let me tell you the pork was delicious. The ribs were outstanding,
Real tender, they just fell off the bone. But my favorites were the brisket and the hot link they were amazing. We also shared their BBQ nacho fries one word. AMAZING!! you must try these with brisket. You won't be disappointed. Also get a side of corn bread, it's moist and delicious. This will definitely be a staple to come back to when in Vegas. Please open a location in California! Lol.. I had a great experience with Snap On Optics.  After taking a Frank Spear course, I knew I needed higher magnification with my dental loupes to get great results.  I talked with other companies who were going to charge 2-3x more than Snap On Optics.  Great communication with their staff, easy transfer of measurements, and on time delivery.  My 4.0x loupes with the light, two batteries, case, etc have been great.  Thanks again!. Have been here twice.  Food was good and prices were acceptable.  Waitress was so far off her game...slow slow slow. Once food order got turned in food was served by kitchen staff immediately.  So first visit good second was ok.  I guess I need another visit to see my final opinion.. great cj-style tacos with df-style tortas thrown in.  my pal and i wandered in on their second day to satisfy my desperate desire for tasty pastor, and i was shocked at how well these guys delivered.  in numerous subsequent visits, the same.  and already, the place is very popular, which pleases me for suggesting staying power.  i've tried everything on the (rather short, as it should be) menu, and everything is worthwhile.  torta la matraca almost makes me cry for reminding me of home.  ¡auténticos tacos y tortas de recetas mexicanas!. Every time I come into town this is a must stop for me.  The drinks are great and it always has a nice friendly crowd before and after sporting events.  Total thumbs up in my book.. I came in not knowing how to even take a step on the dance floor. I was instantly  welcomed by the ever so friendly dance instructors, who all happen to not only be a crew who are well trained to dance but are all also great at teaching at a fun pace.  They also seem to have a good variety here. Now when I step on the dance floor it's all fun and exciting instead of intimadating :). Instead of going out and being on the phone I put the phone away and see who knows how to get they're groove on!. Have a 3+ year old Toshiba and was having terrible problems with shut downs, blue screens, inability to print, excessive heat and very slow operation.  Saw the staff at Kenputer Guru, was treated as a valued customer, had their procedures clearly explained and then they went to work.  Called with their diagnosis (no charge) and recommended a solution and upon my approval went to work.  Fixed quickly and when I went in to pick it up they explained everything and gave me hints on how to better operate my computer.  Great folks and I wouldn't hesitate to return.. Awesome organization with friendly folks. I joined a bunch of Yelpers yesterday at their warehouse on 780 W Lake Mead Pkwy in Henderson (corner 4th street across from Fiesta). They gave us the tools to sort through used children's books and clean them of any markings, dirt, labels, etc. It looks like they could use more help, so if you've been looking for a worthy and fun volunteer opportunity, this is it. Like their web site says, books are magical. Be a kid again as you sort through childhood classics and pass them on to a new generation.. Solid burger plus fries and shakes are great a good American Flashback to the past plus great prices and Kids love it. Full disclosure - I hate fitness clubs. So why do I go here? Great question.

I've been training for an Ironman event. I have a treadmill and weight machine at home so between those devices and the good old outdoors I'm able to accomplish most of what I'd like to do. I have a pool but it's not long enough for any serious swim training.
My swim coach recommended this facility.  They have both indoor and outdoor pools with lane markers and, so far, the other gym members have been respectful of the people swimming laps. 

While I don't use most of the other parts of the gym everything seems to be clean and up to date.  The locker rooms are very nice. The showers, etc. are clean and there are plenty of towels available. The staff is friendly and if you're into socializing there's a nice juice bar.

This place may change my mind about fitness clubs.. I went to the original LV location in early 2013 and really enjoyed the Tacos Al Pastor. I've seen the sign at the Cheyenne and Losee intersection for at least a year and was happy to hear via Yelp that they were officially opened up in my neck of the woods.

So I went in tonight after work and there is a lot of space in there compared to the other location.  Thank God for reading the Yelp reviews or I would of been intimidated in trying to order my food. I found the comments about three lines for different meats very helpful because there were so many people waiting in various locations.  It took about 20 minutes for me to get up to the window to order my Adobada Fries. You may want to bring a spanish speaking friend or your phone so that you can google what the heck you are ordering. I was going to wing it but since I had so much time in line, I decided to use my phone to figure out what Campechana was and I'm glad I did. I almost ordered seafood fries consisting of what may have been oysters, baby octopus, mussels, shrimp and/or squid!

The restaurant was really clean and there were lots of employees who were working their arses off. The meat cutters were chopping meat like they were cutting up crack in the movie New Jack City. I hope they make their menuboard more "gringo" friendly.lol 
I really appreciated the person who stood at the door at the LV Blvd location to help you place your order. 

The food was really good. I wish I would of known to ask for no guacamole or sour cream. I just scooped if off and drowned the rest in extra sauce.  I honestly won't go out of my way to come back here with Roberto's on every corner.  The food is definitely good though and you get your moneys worth as it is very filling.. Fantastic red chili burro enchilada style with rice and beans. New seats outside. I bring all my friends and they love it. No inside seating so mid summer is rough.. It's now my favourite Indian restaurant. This is by far, the best Indian buffet in town. $11 for an AYCE buffet... Yes please. 

I just finished eating and I can barely function. 

Highlights of the meal for me:

Chicken tikka masala - very tender and juicy. Not as spicy, but very flavourful. 

Pakoras and samosas - crispy, crunchy, chewy, soft, they got it all. 

I could go on... 

I didn't have anything bad and they definitely made a great first impression. 

I highly recommend their lunch buffet!. I came here at the request of a friend. Boy am I glad I did. Those have got to be some of the best damn fish & chips I have ever had.  Cooked perfectly and the fries were delicious. My mother and I were treated by a young woman named stephany who seemed very happy to assist us and another young woman named Rachel attended to us even while we're eating. Bringing us extra sides and checking on us. This place gave me and my mother a great experience and the food was delicious. I highly suggest coming here and also expect excellent customer service. Been going to otb for years now. I used to go to one in virginia all the time as a kid. This place has always been a solid place for tex mex place for me. The food and service is always excellent and quick. I recommend the empanadas. This was a GREAT Yelp find in Las Vegas! We were wanting to try something off the strip and came across this place. Will most definately go back!!. David Woollen was right on time for the appointment, worked quickly while explaining what he was doing thoroughly, and offered helpful advice on things we could do to keep pests out of our living areas until the next service in two months. It was great meeting him and seeing him in action, very knowledgeable and professional. Five Stars.. From the moment you walk in the door you find yourself treated as family. The attention to detail combined with the personality of the staff makes the visit most exquisite. The top notch eye-care by Dr. Joel Ackerman is his ability to know and understand your vision issues. I find that it is with a personal interest that he does everything in his power to give you the best vision possible. I do highly recommend Dr. Ackerman for your vision needs.. First time here, the salad was light and refreshing. My date and I had the salmon kabob with spicy potatoes it was awesome!!! Definitely coming back for more. I am here riding the trails at least 3x's a week if they are open and these are, HANDS DOWN, the best set of trail we have in the Charlotte area! One place, 20+ miles of single track, and get a beer and dinner after???? WHAT???? It is AWESOME! If you are in the Charlotte area you MUST check this out!. So this is the closest location to my casa so I hit them up quite a bit, though not as much since I've been trying to drop pounds (sorry Starbucks stockholders). The staff is always friendly and. Great meat, do not be deceived by the look of a market,,, the food is very good, We also had the panqueques with dulce de leche and they were delicious. prices are more than reasonable, Can't go wrong.. Had to stop in this morning to pick up a few items that I had awesomely forgotten to pack in my gym bag  - but they had everything I was looking for!  As I was thinking about my options for hair product, the lady manning the register was walking around asking folks if they needed help with finding anything  It was nice that she was offering, but at 6:30am in the morning, I found it hard to return her enthusiasm (plus I was still kinda pissed at myself for forgetting things in the first place).

Everything in here is clean and organized.  All the seasonal stuff can be found in the center aisles like any other drug store.

It's a little tough to get in and out of this location due to the islands on WT Harris and Mallard Creek Rd, but it was pretty convienient to get to from the YMCA which is located right behind it.. Great donuts, friendly service, reasonable prices. What more can you ask for? I definitely will be going back. I've yet to find a better place is the city for donuts. Be sure to try the fritters. They have apple, pineapple, and my favorite, blueberry! The place I've ever seen them.. I owned a landscape company for years here in the Valley. Have been going to Bakers for approx. 10 years. Since I owned a landscape company and had access to all the wholesale nurseries I only went Bakers when I needed something special. But when it comes to special they are without a doubt the place to call. I've known the Baker Sisters for years as well as their Dad. No finer people exist. 
I was the Chair of my neighborhood Association. We went into Bakers and asked if they would support our neighborhoods beautiful house program. We give away a gift certificate each month to the house chosen as the house of the month. Bakers was more than happy to give us a $25 certificate each month. So they also support the community. A great sign of a local neighborhood business.. Ci Ci's is awesome. I use to go all the time when I lived in Louisiana and was stoked to see them here in AZ. For only a few bucks you can stuff your face with mediocre pizza, pasta and salad. Its great, seriously. They have tons of different types of pizza and you can even request a pizza and they will make it for free. They have Mac N' Cheese pizza, taco pizza, white pizza, spinach  pizza and all the regulars. In Louisiana they even has shrimp alfredo pizza every friday. Their cinnamon rolls at the dessert bar are awesome when they are fresh out of the oven. Just humble yourself and go.. Smoke pork is awesome, great breaktfast and happy hour menu, very friendly staff...GO!. This place is amazing organic local food small business ! They have the same prices as the place they have in town. Hogs and chicks are awesome with peppered bacon the sausage is amazing too. If you order with someone else get one of each so you can share and get both. By far the best dining experience I have had at an airport . Our waiter TIM was outstanding and a great asset to Matt's Big Breakfast! Way to go Phoenix AirPort for allowing local business!! If you go here comment and tell me what you think. Oh ya cheap too $. This place is great!  As someone mentioned, its a refurbished Wendy's.  It brings an old school feel to it, they have done great work on the interior.  You can use the drive thru window to pick up to-go orders.  Awesome.

Every time I have ordered here the food has been fantastic.  I always find myself going back to the Pad Thai!   The best thai in the area and quite possibly the best thai I have had in Phoenix.  Also a locally owned restaurant, support this place!. One thing to remember about this place is you get what you pay for.  I have always stayed here and even though the beds feel like your sleeping on stacked cardboard.  I bring my own pillow and throw, because it can be a bit chilly here in the winter.  But if you want to spend $300+ for lavish amenities without the continental breakfast and free parking, go for it.  I am sure there are other B&B's out there that are better, but I have to say, I enjoy stepping into a shower and having it feel like I am being sandblasted clean.. this is more of a reminiseing with vinne then a review (that will come later)
so Story time with vinnie! 

I have a love hate relation ship with the Ice house....I have seen more sunrises here than any other PHX location because I've shot so much stuff here....and we always seem to go to sunrise....

Once I left the Icehouse and passed by to men digging a ditch..."what have you been doing ?" They Asked me. "we have been digging a ditch for 6 hours and your twice as dirty as us!" well I had just spent 14 hours in the Ice house Rafters on my belly moving lights around on a rickety unsafe latter....(not the Ice houses fault, production should have had something safer...)

despite that the Icehouse is one of the coolest Locations for  just about any thing...Photo shoot, or film shoot, party or art gallery it s a unique place all its own...

ok only been here once for just a party music thing....wish there was more bathrooms and the better drink Options....(-1 stars). I liked this trendy little bar that is nicely decorated, (don't forget to look at the ceiling), and serves up decent food.  We went in for the $10 lunch that includes an entree and a non-alcoholic beverage for the price.  It was a pretty good deal.  I, however, went for something with whiskey in it.  In their offerings for lunch, they have Beet Sliders that are pretty good, but they are served up with skinny fries that looked like they'd been out of the freezer too long before they were cooked.  All in all, we enjoyed the experience, we enjoyed the food, and we like the server except that she forgot to bring the iced tea we ordered.  Ooops!. Fantastic food!! First time here but definitely not the last!!!

Next time I'm going for the Stromboli. I don't get mad. I get even! I don't stay home. I vote! 

  I follow the news. Some elected officials are doing a commendable job. However, some of our elected officials or candidates following them have raised my blood pressure. Today I raised my voice through my vote. I was voting proud and voting early. 

 Voting at the Early Polling Center in the Galleria is as easy as 1, 2, 3. Today when I opened my mailbox, I see the Clark County Elections booklet. The thing was that my left foot was hurting and with urgency I needed to buy sneakers. But should I visit the Las Vegas Outlet Mall or Galleria Mall? Tadah! The the sample election book led me to the Galleria Mall where I'd play a role in my Country's future. I'd park my vehicle by Dillard's then walk a few feet to the Kohl's area. 

 The polls were not crowded today. Immediately the Election staff greeted me. I inquired if I was registered to vote. I did not fill out paperwork this year. I was 100% ready to vote. Elections are truly keeping up with technology. I say this because by scanning the back of my sample ballot booklet, she retrieved my name and address. Quicker than I could walk from the table to Kohl's, she presented me with the conputerized card I'd place in the ballot box, and directed me to a man holding the American flag. He'd direct me to another worker holding the American flag at the ballot box where I'd cast my vote. 

  The times are a changing. Gone is the dull booths where voters pressed these annoying levers. Today it is all computerized and really more in the open. The ballot box has revolutionized to the ballot touch screen. Being a fan of Caveman Keno and the smartphone, voting was fun. Corresponding to each vote was the choice of candidates that a touch on the screen would cast a vote for. Toward the end, it would prompt you to review your votes. You'd touch a submit button prior to making your way toward the poll worker at the exit (by Kohl's) who thanked you for voting and gave you an "I voted" pin. 

  Voting is so important. You live once and need commendable leadership under strong and moral leaders. I walked out of here with the feeling that I made my voice known and possibly in one or two instances I joined the majority in telling a couple of candidates, "Your fired!" And in a few instances I joined the majority in telling a few candidates, "Job well done." The last thing I want to say before I walk out of this review is, "Every vote counts.". Service was great although it wasn't that busy! Had a pregnant server who checked in on my table more than enough. Drinks never went empty. Food was great! Bayou bowl is highly recommended with udon noodles instead of rice!. shhhh don't tell anyone about this place! Actually please do...Its all great...from momma behind the counter, comfortable, friendly, and incredibly professional yet casual service, and hefty portions of incredibly fresh and delicious classics that force you to over-order so you can take home a doggy bag...not much more to say other than that its our job to support quality local joints like this rather than the corporate-driven slop forced on us in the LV Valley.. If you're the type of person who has a difficult time trying to motivate yourself to consistently go to the gym and do the same old routine, then Crossfit Fullstrength may be for you.  Fullstrength is way more than a gym.  It is a family of amazing people who are all there to better themselves while helping & encouraging you at the same time.  And as difficult and challenging the workouts are, it is probably the least intimidating place you can walk in to.  There are people there of all ages and fitness levels and I can honestly say that there is not a single person in the group who isnt a pleasure to be around.

The other thing I love about Full Strenght and Crossfit in general are the workouts.  You can go 5 days a week for six months in a row and never have the same routine.  I was always bored with going to the gym, doing about 20 mins of cardio and then about 45 mins of weights and really never changing anything too much.  It gets you nowhere and really makes it difficult to keep going back.  With Crossfit, you are constantly changing and challenging every part of your body.  It makes you challenge yourself to do things you would have never thought of and helps you grow stronger both mentally & physically.

So again, if the gym has been cuttin it for you or you gave up on tryin the P90X at your house, I would highly recommend you stop by Full Strength and say hello.  Give yourself one workout with us and you will know if its for you.. Went to see David Cook and Paper Tigers on 1/11/14.  Great room and show.  Good sound/strip view/good bar and service.  Make sure you don't pass by ticket counter on first floor.. Goat tacos were yummy. Love their salsas.. Just dropped in for breakfast after reading the reviews here.  Sat out on the cozy patio as today's weather is ideal.  Was waited on by Brittany who was timely and had a sparkling personality.  She was genuinely interested in us as we had a nice chat.  The breakfast was very good and the price was surprisingly low. Can't wait to come back for lunch and dinner. Looking forward to trying some of their yummy looking alcoholic beverages as well.. Max's is a nice German restaurant in the North Side and it has a decent bar too.  I'd much rather go here then a place like the Hofbrauhaus.  Unlike Hofbrauhaus, you won't find live accordion music or dancing on the tables here, but what you will find is a quality German meal.  I say leave places like the Hofbrauhaus to the tourists, I want a real German meal.

I went for lunch this past weekend and had a kielbasa sandwich with sauerkraut on it.  It was very good, exactly what I wanted from a German restaurant and the service was good too.  The food was served with rolls and a side.  I substituted a spinach salad with hot bacon dressing for a side.

I've been to Max's a few times and have been very pleased with both the food and service. I recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing, potato pancakes, and the pretzels.. Best sushi in town. Beats muramoto out by a bit. But crowded. Fun to sit at bar; can see the chefs make your sushi and the bartenders make your cocktails. Speaking of-- both are delicious. You'll pay for it, but its worth it!. I been here 3 times. I had grain of metal in my aye. It was really deep. Doctor scratch out this stuff for only 85 dollars. For next 2 visits she charge me only 20 dollars. Right now I don't have any problems with aye. Thank you, doctor,  so much for your help!. The carne asada Vida burrito was pretty decent, but don't expect an authentic Mexican burrito. Service was excellent. Only complaint is that the first batch of tortilla chips they brought out was pretty cold and stale. Overall a good place to eat at.. The original reviewer covers most of I have to say about this place. Everyone working is fantastic in helping you find what you need.  The food is fantastic (I had the kebab) and the servings generous.  I probably should have made two meals out of what they gave me, instead of eating it all in one go.  If you can apply the concept of hospitality to a grocery store, this place would fit the bill.

The grocery is small, but nice, with a variety of spices essential to cooking Middle Eastern and South Asian food, as well as a number of things like pita, mango drinks, figs and dates, and sweets. I've yet to try the butcher.  The prices are very reasonable.. I am officially addicted to this place! Have only had slices, but damn they are freaking delicious!
Great beer selection as well, may try some other dishes, but can't get past the Za!
The music is a bit loud, but tolerable, the employees are great, and that Za is amazing!. I like this hotel. It is old school and a bit upscale. They of course update things as required to stay up with the times. I like the Roman theme quite a bit, it still does not get old to me. The rooms are nice, especially if you get a suite. It was good sized, comfy and quiet when we wanted to sleep. The in house dining is quite good, as are the attached Forum Shops. The nightclub is great, other than the waiting to get in. You really can't go wrong here.. I met Cici at another nail place and happily followed her here after her move. She is hands down the best manicurist in Las Vegas. Always professional and does high quality work. I highly recommend her!. For an airport eatery this is above par, hense the 4 stars. Decent medium well cooked burger with slaw. 

Would be a 3 star outside of an airport though.. I LOVE this Location! Better than some of the others around town. We have been coming here since they opened and it is the main place we shop at for food. The store has come a long way and keeps getting better. They just finished the remodel and it looks Great.

Fantastic Produce, Meats, Fish, Seafood, Bulk items and an amazing Vitamin selection for a great value. They have both conventional and grass fed beef in the case as well as exotic game in the freezer section right in front of the butcher case. No fillers or weird stuff injected into any of the the meats like some of the bigger chain stores. Sausage made in house and very tasty. Bulk items are always fresh. You can get just the right amount you need. I cannot resist getting some of the Dark Chocolate items when I deserve a treat.

I'm a vitamin freak and love the selection. If you spend $100 or more you get 10% right off the top and every few months they run a special called Vitamin Extravaganza where the whole department in 25% off everything before the 10% discount. What a deal and I feel GREAT!

Store is always clean and the service is spectacular. Wednesday is Double Ad Day where the weekly specials crossover. It can get pretty crowded. Conveniently located in the same parking lot as In & Out. See you there next time!. Arrived last night at 7:45 pm and the place was packed, no high boy tables were available.  We did manage one in the next ten minutes.  Disappointing that the menu has been cut back, the stuff that remains is till good; but choices are more limited now. The sliders remain-a very good thing, but not for your cardiologist. Donuts are still amazing. This is just a good place to chill and have some good wine at reasonable prices.. Top quality Italian food in a restaurant with one owner as chef and the other running the dining room. It's no accident this place has plenty of business. My wife had eaten there several times and had great things to say so for Mother's Day Eve, we struck and it was all she had said. The house Fettucini Calabria was delightful. Our guest got a seafood medley over 'bata?' noodles that was superb. The difference in seafood cooked by someone who knows what they are doing compared with the usual fare most places is pretty amazing. Clare, the hostess, told us they go out of their way to obtain fresh seafood. Maybe that is the difference.

I'll go out on a limb here and propose that the item that maybe best typifies this restaurant is their signature martini - I think called a Calabratini. Raspberry liquor and shaved chocolate in the bottom of the glass and then vanilla vodka, Irish Creme, and espresso poured from a height out of ice cold metal shakers. Hello. I am a bit of a martini snob. And not really much of a sweet drinks guy. This martini is like a martini candy bar seducing a throbbing young nubile virgin. Slides down like a sneaking Don Juan and then 'Pow. Hello there different world.' Drivers: I'd suggest only one.

If you want to see how to run a restaurant right, check out La Calabria Ristorante. We'll be back. More than once. Enjoy.. Fat Elvis with Hot Fudge. Love it tender. Then go home and sleep it off. Thank you. Thank you very much.. Don't be fooled by the location. V&As is a great steakhouse. It's a must visit for us every time in town. Dry aged NY strip and bone in ribeye. Sides are great as well.. Fast service, good prices, clean, and the food seems good.  Of course, I'm no expert on Chinese food.  I have heard people rave about Italian restaurants that I, as an Italian, find lacking; so I suspect that someone of Chinese ancestry might think First Wok falls short.  Take that as a caveat.  Anyway, I like their egg rolls and boiled dumplings.  The crab rangoons don't impress.  Their hot and sour soup is good.  Gentle kick to it.  I often get Pork Lo Mein and enjoy that.  Servings are ample.  The General Tsao Chicken is good, as are all the entrees I have tried.  The usual unappetizing photos of their dishes adorn the wall.  I often wonder about those photos.  A friend living in Taiwan sent me a cookbook that was popular there and it contained the same quality photos of the food.  Curious.  The menu lists a plethora of items and the wall has posted another list of dozens of entrees.  What these all are escapes me and there is often a language barrier when asking for an explanation.  Sometimes I feel adventurous and plan to order something I never had before but I always end up going with something familiar.  For a sit-down dinner, I prefer Rainbow Gardens on Neil Street, but for a quick and satisfying Chinese dinner, First Wok should not disappoint.. Durant's is old school.  Rat-Pack old school.  The reason elderly people love it is that is their style of gourmet food-- very traditional gourmet American fare. This was the fancy food of the fifties. The reason young people like it is because they romanticize a past that they weren't a part of.  My point is, it is not a place to go expecting a culinary revolution.  The food is very good, but not gastronomically exciting.

That said, this place is fantastic.  When you arrive, you walk through the kitchen, which sets the tone for the entire experience.  I imagine myself scurrying through the kitchen with Old Blue Eyes himself, smoking cigarettes, entering the back to avoid fanfare.

The decor is a striking fifties art deco, and everything is pleasantly vintage.

I can't help myself, I always order seafood when I eat here, and recommend the scallops.  Gotta have a gin martini too.  If there was ever a time or place to have a real martini, this is it.. Im Mai 2010 haben wir das Mogogo probiert. Der Laden ist direkt an der Kunsthalle und gut zu erreichen.

Die Einrichtung ist aufwendig gestaltet und hat wohl eine Menge Zeit gekostet. Dennoch ist das ganze Ambiente nicht überladen. Ich finds in Summe fast ein bischen zu nüchtern.

Der Service ist wirklich sehr gut. Extrem freundlich und aufmerksam. Die Beratung ist klasse und man nimmt sich hier Zeit die Zustaten zu erklären, wenn es Probleme gibt.

Das Essen selbst war typisch afrikanisch und sehr lecker. Von der Schärfe hatte ich "scharf" gewählt und war damit sehr zufrieden. Man konnte noch alle anderen Zutaten schmecken und es hat dennoch ein bischen nachgebrannt. Ich hatte Couscous Kilwa Berei Okra für EUR 12,50.

Uns wurde leider kein Brot zum Essen gereicht, sondern es wurde gleich Messer und Gabel gedeckt. Kenne ich bei anderen afrikanischen Restaurants eigentlich nicht, da in diesen eher versucht wird den Gästen die eigenen Essensweisen zu zeigen.

Ich kann das Mogogo wirklich nur empfehlen. Wer afrikanisch essen möchte findet hier guten Service und gutes Essen zu vernünftigen Preisen. Dennoch sollten Afrika Fans das "Im Herzen Afrikas" in Frankfurt und das "Farmerhaus" in Groß-Umstadt unbedingt mal probieren, wenn sie in der Nähe sind.

Tipp: Eine 360° Ansicht und die vollständige Speisekarte kann man bei www.besuchekarlsruhe.de ansehen.

Top - klare Empfehlung.. Scene here echoes forties + version of the 90210 set. Good looking old and new people. Bar scene was a riot for people watching.
Food and service are very solid. Server doesn't even blink to recommend the lobster mash potatoes ($33) or the alaskan crab truffled gnocchi.
Oddly enough everyone ordered their prime steaks in our party and they were good- served a la carte, broiled at extremely high heat to the point that it  actually burned my mouth to eat my ribeye at a perfect med rare.
Giving a star off due to Fleming putting out a better broiled bone in ribeye, 
but overall a really good and interesting dining experience.
Make sure to get a after dinner beverage in their bar and watch how things unravel.. A great sushi alternative to crazy sushi right down the street.  Smaller place. Great sushi and service. Never that busy so that wait is always short! Reasonable prices. All you can eat is 21$ lunch 26$ dinner.. I love Costco.  And as far as I'm concerned this one is the best there is that I have been too.  
I shop her for my family and for my business.  Staff is always friendly and get you in out quickly.
They also have a great selection of some high end products.
I brought a beautiful Watch there the other day.  And if you don't know it already Costco has the best return policy on the planet.. My GF and I like this hotel because it's cheap, casino has good games and has a variety of restaurants. We have stayed here twice because of groupons we bought. Decent size rooms and clean but too bad the standard rooms don't have fridges. It's near the strip behind the Wynn and Encore so the location isn't bad but if you want to stay right on the strip this isn't the place for you.. I read the less than stellar reviews on here and decided to try it anyway. The restaurant is located next to Albertson's on 59th Ave, just north of the 101. It's a smaller restaurant, probably 10 tables and 10 booths. We were greeted promptly by the hostess and given the choice of a booth or a table... we took the booth (of course). Tea was served promptly. The menu tells a little back story of the restaurant and how it was voted best Chinese food in Phoenix in 1999 by the Arizona Republic.

The menu has all the usual suspects for a Chinese restaurant, and a couple of newcomers. I decided to branch out and get the Sun Devil Chicken (ASU Baby!). It's white chicken (all their chicken dishes are) with a creamy garlic/jalapeno sauce and with fresh sliced jalapenos mixed in. She got orange peel chicken. We decided to share an appetizer of crab puffs.

I barely got through one cup of tea by the time they arrived. They were hot, fresh and were huge! 8 of them came in an order, along with hot mustard and sweet and sour sauce. Normally judge a Chinese restaurant by the quality of their crab puffs. Abacus may have the best I've ever had.

Soon after the entrees arrived. Both were HUGE and had a complete bowl of rice. I tried both dishes, both were good... I won't go into the "It was so savory with a hint of spice" crap that everyone on here thinks they are giving an audition for Iron Chef. We ended up taking about half of each home and will be going again without question.

Price was decent. Both dishes were $8.25 and the crab puffs were $5.50. The check came with 2 fortune cookies. Mine said "You will soon be surrounded by luxury"... her's said... well, we'll never know... because she ended up eating the fortune. Which prompts, thing's you are very unlikely to hear at a Chinese restaurant.... "Did I just eat my fortune?"

They have lunch specials and also deliver between:
35th Ave & 83rd Ave
Bell Rd & Jomax Rd.. Good burger. At the top end of what I'd want to pay though.. Bob at Valley East Collision was great.  After a minor accident, the driver side door on my '75 Chevy LUV was bent out of alignment and wouldn't close.  Short term I just needed it fixed so I could close the door and drive the truck normally again.  A few other shops had given me bad news that I first needed to find a new door and hinges along with $$$ before they could help me, or wouldn't even take on the work, but I think Bob must have read my mind cause he just stepped out and fixed my door on the spot.  I'll definitely be back with my fender for the cosmetic body work.. Wow, so impressive. The facility, tasting room and prep area is so cool. We got to meet Dan the brewmaster. He is very knowledgeable. Glad we found this gem. Want to take a keg home.. My favorite steakhouse hands down.

The steaks are the most flavorful out of all the steak houses I've been to and the service is up to par.  The staff is unassuming and take great care of you.

This is a great place to go out with a big group.  I've always had a great time at Del Frisco's.. Great toasted sandwich. The owners are very nice. And they have Miss Vickies Salt & Vinegar Chips! They are so hard to find.. This movie theater oozes coolness. Not only can you see a movie with reserved seating, but you can do it with in a "love seat". You can eat and drink in the theater as well. One of the best things about it is the lack of kiddos running around - mostly adults here (have to be over 18 after 8pm) The ride up the escalator is cool too. I love this place and plan on seeing more movies than I have in the past - but only here.... Double thick yummy beef patties are the norm - Score!
A zillion add-on ingredients- Score again!
Friendly, super fast service - Yes, and yes!

I am SO EXCITED that this little spot is right down the street in the new Summerlin Downtown shopping area. Have already hit it a couple times on the way home. I get BIG brownie points with the Husbear showing up with a delicious dinner in hand, and 5-Guys makes that SUPER EASY! 

...And if you do not know what a "Husbear" is, Google it! It is a great slang to know. :-). Whenever we go out for pizza, we always compare it to some old favorites: Oregano's, Sauce, and California Pizza Kitchen.  Most of the time, pizza places can't even meet our "minimum" standard of Domino's.  Sad but true.  Now it's time to add another favorite to the list.  It's surprising how fast the pizza is ready to eat and there isn't much of a wait since it bakes quickly and fresh ingredients are ready to put on the pizza.  Their vegetarian pizza is one of the best on their menu.  I've also had the tomato basil and a chicken pesto combo.  The thin crust is perfection, cheese is stringy as if it was freshly made, and the sauce is great.  We live in the north valley and it's great to have more choices for pizza.  I'm especially impressed that it is less of a sit down restaurant and has high quality pizza at the same time.  The prices are very reasonable too even including a tip.  The selection of tea is meh if you're a hardcore tea drinker like me.  I brew loose leaf Lupicia all the time at home, but the basic drink options are expected of a place like this.

If you are shopping at Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland Commons, this location is perfect as it's close by (even for walking).  No wait and great pizza.  What else do you want?. It's okay, not a big airport but it gets us to where we need to go. The concessions are okay and the planes are usually on time. The staff are helpful when needed. it's easy to drive to as airports go. No complaints.. Delux is brilliant in its simplicity: great gourmet burgers and lots of beer in a posh/trendy atmosphere. 
The fish sandwich is worthy of 5-stars, and the selection of craft beer on tap is quite impressive. 
Great spot for a date, the bathrooms are pretty sweet too.. I friggin' love a place with a goofy name, especially buffets.  The image of a "krazy" buffet for me would be loud colors, customers and a general orgy of food.  I guess because it was rainy, 11am on a weekday and everyone is broke as a joke, it wasn't exactly KRAZY.

However, $6.99 weekday lunch... and a friggin' 15% off coupon for senior citizens.  I got the senior citizen discount as well since I was dining with my parents.  I would have been okay to pay full price, but hell, that's more $$$ for next time!

If you are a veteran of "Asian" buffets (primarily of Chinese food with some Korean and "sushi" mixed in), then this will be a familiar typical experience... except that it's friggin' $6.99!!!  Even Asia Buffet II cannot compete with that.  Yes, the selection is a little lighter than AB II, but that is fairly reflected in the price.

In case you have never been to an Asian buffet, first of all, tsk, tsk.  You are missing out.  Basically, you are looking at AYCE chow mein, rice, broccoli beef, dumplings, four soups like hot and sour, wonton, egg flower and if you are lucky westlake, kung pao, string beans, deep fried tofu, possibly some Korean short ribs and sushi (of the roll variety with a smattering of hand rolls).  If you upgrade to dinner, you extra money goes into the sushi selection and the addition of crab legs.  My general policy is that this is not worth the extra money since sushi and crab are on my list of "Things not to go cheap on".

I suppose that Krazy makes up some of its food costs by charging $1.39 for a beverage, including tea.  Though, they only charged $1.39 for the table, rather than each as would be the case if it were sodas.  I am not entirely sure if a second pot would have yielded another $1.39 charge since we only got one pot.  If you are that strapped, then be sure to ask.

Anyway, I think that this a great place after a night of drinking or perhaps after losing your whole stack to a 10-3 suited.  Happily, I was just hung over.. Excellent Mexican food, with a whole page of fish dishes (my favorites).  Also outdoor dinning and breakfast.. Steaks were delicious.  Fabulous people watching!  We got to sit with views of the fountains at Bellagio so got to enjoy 2 shows during the course of our dinner.. Got 5% tint all around & the sun strip on my 300c done by Brian & friends @ precision tint. They got me in same day & done before they closed. Only took 1.5-2hrs max.

Would have gave 5 stars but 1st time done the very back was off a small amnt & you could see a little light coming in right above my reverse back up lights. Brian adv me that he himself didn't do the back part & I could bring it back whenever & he would replace it no problem. Took me over a week to make it back in but they fixed it in a lil over an hour & it is perfect now. 

Awesome bonus was he has the Simpsons arcade game, a 2 person basketball shot, & California need for speed arcade games to play while you wait.. This is your local dive bar. It is excellent for walking to and then taking a cab back. The staff is great, they have a little edge and are able to carry a conversation. The Hidden House's tap selection isn't the reason you come here, but they do have frosty mugs.

If you come here, you have to get the pitchers, they're incredibly cheap and they keep coming. There is pool, darts, tvs, and internet at the bar. I've only been once since I moved outside of walking distance, but it may be time for a return!. I have been to a lot of different Asian restaurants, and this is easily one of the best in Las Vegas. The food is always fresh and tasty. The wait staff is friendly. Food arrives at the table quickly. Prices are very reasonable. This restaurant has replaced Thai Noodle House as my favorite quick, cheap dinner spot. The only down side to this restaurant is that they do not serve alcohol.. I had my ac go out on a 105 degree day.  I called one company that came out and told me that I need a new compressor that would of cost me $2,125.  I was not gonna spend that sort of money without getting  second opinion.  I called perfect air and pipe and they had a tech out relatively soon.  The took a little while to give the diagnosis but it was def worth it.  The changed my t stat and a contactor on my unit.  I literally paid $205 and my unit was cooling within the few minutes that they changed the parts.  I cant believe the initial company tried to change out my compressor.  Was it ignorance or shady business tactics.  I have no idea but I saved close to $1,900 all by confirming with the second company.  I would be super pissed if I had wasted over two thousand for something i absolutely didnt need.. I recently had the pleasure of dining at Restaurant Charlie. A totally wonderful experience! I'll dive right into the foodie details.

Amuse:
Hamachi Sushi paired with Guy Larmandier "Cramant" Blanc de Blancs Champagne.
An absolutely fantastic light way to start the evening.

1st Course:
Japanese Eel with Grapefruit, Battera Kumbo(fried seaweed), sweet and sour Grapefruit Rind paired with a (beautiful) Japanese Sunshine cocktail.
This course was truly exciting. My first ever "cocktail pairing"! I was skeptical at first, but the sweetness of the sake based cocktail worked perfectly with the Eel and grapefruit.

2nd Course:
Hand Harvested Sea Scallops with Parsley Emulsion and Yogurt paired with a 2004 Louis Michel "Montee de Tonnerre" Chablis.
When I saw Parsley and Yogurt I was less than excited, but from the first bite I was very impressed. Again, the flavors combined in a way I wasn't expecting. I associate parsley with an almost inedible garnish and yogurt with something you eat because you have to, yet here they played with each other in an amazing way that brought out unbelievable sweetness from the Scallops. I am usually not a Chablis fan, but this was another outstanding choice that cut through the richness of the dish.

3rd Course:
Poached Maine Lobster in Yellow Curry with Lotus Root paired with a 1990 Prince Poniatowski "Clos Baudoin" Vouvray.
Another surprise! I am sure that I bothered other diners with my sounds of utter joy! The sweetness of the lobster, the spicy Curry, the earthiness of the Lotus Root. Three words: Oh My God! The Vouvray had a ginger laced fruitiness that made it a perfect pairing for the curry.

4th Course:
Seared 32 Day Dry Aged Rib Eye with Roasted Garlic, Fingerling Potato Puree with Rosemary paired with a 2003 Alto Moncayo Garnacha.
Although this was still an excellent course, it was the most standard of my meal. Simply prepared, the quality of the meat really took center stage.The wine was strong enough to holdup to the steak and was a perfect choice.

Pre-Dessert:
Meyer Lemon Sorbet paired with a 2006 Kracher "Beerenauslese Cuvee".
A wonderfuly tart palate cleanser. I was not expecting a wine with this course, But yet another wonderful surprise! The citrusy character of this wine worked very well with the sorbet.

1st Dessert Course:
Roasted Kabocha Kasutera with hempseed Crisp and Frozen Tarragon Cream paired with a 1999 Oremus Tokaji Aszu "5 Puttonyos".
This course is a perfect example of why I love tasting menus. If I saw this on a menu, there is no way I order it! Squash, Tarragon and Hemp for dessert? It sounds like something my brothers would've smoked in the 60's! C'Mon! But it worked. As a matter of fact it was great! There is no way I can actually describe it, but I LOVED this combination. The sweetness of the wine went very well with this unique combination of flavors.

2nd(yes, 2nd!) Dessert Course:
Steamed Cacao Nib Cake with Sour Candied Kumquats and Tangerine paired with a 1971 Bodegas Toro Albala "Don Pedro Ximenes".
A stunning way to end a glorious meal! While the cake was wonderful, the real star here was the wine. Almost syrup like when poured, smelled like Caramel and tasted like a combination of chocolate, raisins and brown sugar. Dessert in a glass!

As you can tell, I think my meal was fantastic, but that was only part of the experience. Service was outstanding without being overbearing. Even before my meal started, while enjoying a "Divine Droplets" Sake in the bar, the bartender arranged for me to get a guided tour of the kitchen! What an honor!

An evening like this does come at a price, however! My bill was almost $500. I almost can't believe I am saying this...but it was worth every penny!. We make this a stop everytime we come through. Love the burgers and the fries are not bad either.. Great Italian that won't break bank, but doesn't cost the same as a dumpy burger. Very good service. If you go, ask to sit on the patio so you can eat next to the fountain of Poseidon.. I can't believe this place... It's that good! The short rib fried rice is something I never thought I would order but OMG am I glad I did! Easily the best entree on the menu, and in a place this good... That says a lot! Definitely a must for any Thai fan!. Well, being from Chicago, I will have to admit that this place is pretty darn tasty.

Thin crust Chicago is the way to go here.  The sausage is perfect, reminds me from home, and the sauce is sweet, which I am a fan of.  Almost reminds me of Aurelio's.

The hod dog is decent, and the Italian beef was just OK.  Luke's is still the place to go for beef.  

Anyhoo, they are really nice people, and delivery was pretty quick.  5 stars for the pizza and friendliness.. A great stay in a great hotel.

I stayed in the Governor's Club portion of the Concourse for a business trip in Madison.  

The room was decent:  comfortable bed, nice view, lathery soap, and only a couple carpet stains.

I got an excellent rate for the Governor's Club floors by mentioning that I was in town to visit [big clinical testing lab company*].  Being in the Governor's Club** has its privileges:  free breakfast buffet and 6 hours of complimentary drinks, including Spotted Cow and top-shelf liquor with really solid hors d'oeuvres every night.  Top that, my Kimpton friends and your one hour of beer n' wine.

Staff was helpful in pointing out local attractions and breweries and whatnot.

Parking for hotel isn't clearly indicated: it's down the ramp prior to the hotel entrance.  Clearance is supposedly 6'2"; still, I had to duck from banging my melon on a pipe, and I wasn't even wearing heels.

If in Madison again, I'd definitely stay at this hotel again.

* I'm not going to mention the name of the company, but maybe you can figure it out and get the Gov Club for the cost of a regular room.  And speaking of which, next time you travel anywhere, look up some of the biggest companies in the area, then call your hotel and request a company's corporate rate.  Nobody can prove you're *not* going there for business, and you'll get a great deal and many bonuses.  Obviously, this won't work for stays over New Year's Eve or Mardi Gras or in Cancun, but works fine for the Springfields and so forth in the US of A.

** As the WI Gov is a serious sphincterplop, he's been kicked out of the Governor's Club.  Fine with me.. I just had my first appointment and things went great.  When I contacted The Joint Ashli emailed me the new patient paperwork so I walked in prepared.  It just took a few minutes until I met Dr Blanton.  After discussing my aches and pains he went made a plan on how to best address my aches and quickly went about performing the adjustments, talking me through each one as he did.  It was great to have such personal service and the ability to contact them, complete my paperwork and be in and out of the office in about 90 minutes fit right into my schedule.  Their hours will let me see them after work, something several other offices did not offer.. Best night out in Vegas was spent here, hands down.  
     And I realized the best nights in Vegas are the ones that aren't planned.

I stumbled into this place, by accident when I was in Vegas with my Sister.  We couldn't resist the singing packed crowd inside!  Let me try and paint you a picture, even though I still know I wont do this place the  justice it deserves.  
   We walk in and I am already getting excited!  The piano man is jamming right along, people are singing Mrs. American Pie, they're dancing, they are drinking, there are hot foreign guys everywhere, and someone is asking to buy us a drink every time we turn around!  Yes I am at home, please leave me here for the next four hours.  This place is mainly packed full of guys, and the best part, guys with accents that aren't even from here.  My kind of place!
  We proceed to drink and sing to our little hearts content.  I was never empty handed here.  Literally. I had a drink in one hand and a hot guy on the other spinning me around the dance floor singing with me all night! As I said, leave me here for a couple hours.   I'll be just fine.
    I am singing at the top of my lungs with everyone else:
 " Sing us a song, youre the piano man
  Sing us a song tonight
  Well, were all in the mood for a melody
  And you've got us feeling alright "

I now  can't even hear 
  " La la la, de de da
   La la, de de da da da "
Without smiling and wanting to get up and get a group sing along going with everyone in the room.. Cute, sometimes over the top selection. Prices teens to be a bit high, but not outrageous.. Have been several times over the years and have found each visit a nice comfortable place to get a decent meal. Good service, good food and right price.. I have to agree with the other posts. Great selection and very knowledgeable. I love that I can go in and describe what I am generally looking for and a price range and the staff always has a great selection. Even though I only stop in like once every two weeks or so the guy always remembers what I bought last time. Two big thumbs up.. Thanks, person who unnecessarily added this "business" to Yelp.

The Costco food court is a good value but also surprisingly delicious. Their hot turkey and provolone sandwich is great. It has surpassed the chicken bake as my go-to item. The mocha freeze or berry smoothie is a good accompaniment. Of course, the best value is the $1.50 hot dog with 20oz drink. But I can never get myself to settle for that.. Reading some of the reviews here really crack me up. People love to exaggerate. I see words like filthy, old, smelly... hello, it is a FARM! Animals do not smell like roses. If you want clean go to your local grocery store to buy a pumpkin! Ok, now that I have that off my chest, I came here on a Friday evening and overall myself and my 5 year old son had a lot of fun. Went on the tractor ride, bounce houses, the hay maze, fed the goats, decorated our free pumpkin and took pictures at the "pumpkin patch" (not an actual patch where they grow). There is room for improvement, but still had fun. Most of the employees were friendly but there were a few rude cashiers that gave me a smart alec comment when I asked a question. Lastly, I like that its conveniently located and not on the outskirts of the city.. I'd say the food was 3 stars, but the service bumps it up to 4 stars.  We had lunch at El Torito on a Thursday after reading about it (and passing it on Boulder Highway) for a few years.  I finally bought the Groupon (which is available frequently), and was glad I did.

I found the joint to be very clean.  We were seated immediately and drink orders were immediately taken.  Additionally, the chips (warm) and the salsa (thin, but flavorful and had a little heat) were brought out very quickly.  To eat, my wife had the cheese enchiladas.  I don't know how to describe these other than simple but REALLY good.  Cheesy, great sauce.  They were simple but good, I don't know how else to say it.  I'd definitely order these again.

I had the chicken chimichanga.  I was not as pleased with my dish, thus the 3 stars for the food.  It was dry in the interior of the chimichanga.  I did love the rice and beans, perhaps the best Mexican/Spanish rice I've had a Mexican restaurant like this.

My son had the cheese quesadilla (which they call a cheese crisp) and French fries.  He liked both, but didn't finish either, which is par for the course since he's 3.  They were very understanding of us having a small child, they brought him an extra set of silverware and watered down his apple juice, as we requested.  

I'll definitely return, it's an old school place with simple, but good food.  I will say I like won't get the chicken chimichanga again, I think I'll definitely get some enchiladas next time.. What can I say, This place has great service not to mention awesome food. Things to mention here are the chicken katsu with curry. This is the best japanese curry that I have found to date! The shoyu ramen is awesome as well. If you want to try an app try they pork gyoza.... enjoy. I bring patients here a lot. ED staff is awesome!. Excellent food, family neighborhood environment, and pleasant, peaceful atmosphere.. Enjoyed Christmas at the Princess!

I've been to the FSP for conferences in the past at it has been great. Excellent food, enjoyabe patio dining with good service, and some views of a beautiful golf course.

Just stopped in for Christmas at the Princess and our daughters had a hoot! Carolers were cool and the holiday lighting was pretty throughout the resort. The shops had Christmas fare. The fire pits made for a fun 40 minutes of warming up while cooking s'mores. Ice skating was neat to watch, though our girls weren't feeling up to trying it. And the walk around the lagoon was nice family time.

We did try to take the "train". The line was super long (1+ hours) and our girls lost interest after seeing it. We took the same route as the train on foot (around the lagoon) and then hit the light show area.

Excellent choice for a visit, though not unique enough to merit making a tradition out of it. That said, we may look at staying there for Christmas next year. It would make for a memorable experience.... Great hotel and service. Amazing food at Anthony's. They offer a California discount (30%) which is really generous. If you want a  awesome vegas room without staying on the strip and want to avoid the crowds stay here!. Always smiley Barista!. Without a doubt Rotato offer a good baked potato, cooked on a rotisserie until the skin is crisp, while the inside remains soft and fluffy it almost doesn't need any filling.  However fillings are offered and if I am honest they are a little generic (essentially predefined combos of standard sandwich/potato fair) and it is a little pricy compared to other baked potato offerings in a student focussed area... 

Still as long as they keep cooking the potatoes as well as they do I will keep coming back for a decent filing hot lunch.. The food is good, portions are enough for two people. We haven't had to wait to be seated in the 5 times we've been. This place is located in the same center as Lotus of Siam. When it's an hour wait to get in there Komol is a great option.. Love the food here, and friendly environment.. Great service from start to finish!  Made appt. online with Erik and requested loaner car.  Reply came quickly.  Dropped off car at appointed time and was advised car would be ready early afternoon.  Called be Erik early afternoon and picked up car which, in addition to requested service, was washed and cleaned!  Good customer focus and professional handling~. I went to Vinny's to for the first time today and I overall enjoyed it. I had the mushroom pizza by the slice which was overall pretty cheap and with a bottled water, my meal was $4 in total. Thats not to bad considering how big the slice is. I will definately be going there again to try out other items on thier menu.. Great food great service.  I have eaten at great restaurants all over the world and if I do say so myself, I am an excellent judge.  You won't be disappointed.  This is one of my favorites in Pittsburgh.  Prices very good for what you get.

Steve. Needs more registers in the mornings. Mildly unorganized. But the breakfast sandwich is worth the wait.. Discount Tire is legit !

I love this location because they are friendly, fast and efficient.  Prices are reasonable.  

Sometimes they will try to up sell you and or add things automatically to the tab with-out telling you making it seem like its part of the package.

However, they are very patient and will answer any and all questions and will lower the bill if need be to fit your budget and get your business.

Moreover, stop by anytime during business hours and they will check your tires and fill them up with air as needed FOR FREE !

Note to the competition MOVE OVER because Discount is as good as it gets !. Just got back from a lunch at the Walnut Grill. I had been there once before about 3 years ago. I don't remember much other than it was a solid meal and the mushroom soup I got was good.

Anyway, it was fairly empty for lunch. Perhaps it's because it has a darker atmosphere (today was gorgeous out) than other SS places. I had the lunch special which was a Cajun chicken sandwich with mozzarella, basil and roasted red peppers (9$). GF got the veggie sandwich which has portabellos, spinach, feta and onions (9$).

My sandwich was great. The chicken was nicely cooked (not dry). The mozzarella was nice and big. The basil was a nice touch and fresh. The roasted red peppers were from a can, but were good. Served on warm ciabatta. Sandwich wasn't overly salty either. The fries were surprisingly good.

GF's veggie sandwich was equally good. I usually don't like spinach, but the bite I had was nice and feta/mushroom-y. She ate all of it (which rarely happens).

I also got a Proper draft which is an English Pale Ale. It was quite good. Nice and malty with minimal hops.. Yes the prices are high, but they're not as high as a Fogo de Chao or other super upscale Brazilian Steakhouse. However, the quality of meat is nearly as good. They have nine different meats: two Top Sirloins, Flank Steak, Beef Tenderloin, sausage, garlic chicken legs, Mango BBQ chicken, Parmesan Pork tenderloin, and Leg of Lamb. The pork, beef and BBQ chicken were all so tender and flavorful. Great contrast of tastes for the meats: the tenderloin and BBQ chicken were very sweet while the sirloin and pork were very savory. The cinnamon pineapple is absolutely amazing and really provides a good mix up for the meat. 

The reason I'm not giving them five stars is their salad bar was a big let down. A couple stews, different salads you could find at a WalMart (potato salad, pasta salad, romaine lettuce, etc). I guess I thought there should have been more accouterments for the meat. 

Plan on sitting for a while and eating to your heart's content-- I'd suggest going very, very hungry and you'll be satisfied!. A great place to get an $8 1/3 pound burger and fries.  This is a fast food burger place for people that a willing to pay a little more for quality.

I got the BBQ, Bacon, Onion String, & Cheddar Burger with SmashFries.  The egg bun (that's the only kind I buy for home) is grilled and quite tasty.  Burger was delicious, though the bacon wasn't quite cooked enough and was difficult to gnaw through.  The fries were quite good, but left me wanting some sort of aioli to dip them in.

Properly cooked bacon & a custom fry sauce would merit 5 stars but I will definitely be back.. This place was delightful.  Minus one star because it is expensive, very expensive.  that said, it was a treat.  Great way to get started in Vegas. Their crapes are absolutely delicious. I had the nutella and banana. so. freakin. good.. My wife and I went here last night with another couple at 7pm.  Thankfully we had a reservation which gave us a perfect outside table.  The weather was perfect and there was live music so it was great.  The place looks like it gets pretty busy around dinner time so it is probably best to make a reservation if you have a larger party.

I honestly wasn't expecting this place to be as good as it was.  I just didn't think a wine bar in Mesa would serve up the caliber of food this place does.  Almost all the food was excellent and better than just about any wine bar/bistro place I've been to in the valley.  The lamb pops appetizer were rubbed in awesomeness and were perfectly tasty.  And the flat iron steak & polenta were fantastic.  The steak was cooked perfectly, was tender and juicy, and had a great sauce on top.  The polenta was a great compliment.  The homemade peach cobbler for dessert was also excellent and perfect to share.

The only thing I didn't care for was the bruschetta.  It was pretty weak.  Very thin slices of bread with 'eh toppings with ok flavor.  I was expecting much better.

The service was very friendly but they really need more people during peak times because they clearly have too many tables to tend to.

I can't wait to return as they have many other items on the menu I would like to try.. when you need to give in to carb cravings, this is the place to go, my kids love this and so do I when I can give in to the almighty bread. Great place for breakfast in LV.  Will fill you up with four egg omelets.   Server "Donnna" was great! Hint - she loves avocado.. I know it's gonna be a great place when I'm waiting in line and enjoy one of the best playlists just bringing back memories. The atmosphere was just completely chilled out and happy. 

I ordered a Adam Richman sandwich and was overjoyed with flavor. Who knew the mixture of honey and pesto would make me elated to be eating there. I can't wait to go back.. Pretty clean and well stocked Petsmart! Looks a little outdated compared to others but that's okay. Staff is very friendly and helpful! Grooming department always looks clean and organized plus it smells AMAZING always in there!!! Ask for manny or Kelsey they both do amazing jobs with the doggies!!!! :). Went at 4:00 on a Friday afternoon. We had two little girls with us and the bartender was great, got them lemonade and cookies and popcorn.  I had a great ale, while my compadres had a flight of red wine and a flight of white wine. Prices are ok, with a special of buy a flight get a flight for half off. $22 for a flight with some pretty tasty wine from Macedonia (although not all were great). Excellent atmosphere and a good crowd. Even thought the prices are a bit high compared to other happy hours we will go back.  This would be a great place for later in the evening.  Just beer and wine and a very limited food menu.. Kobe and Benihana are the ONLY teppanyaki places that get it right (meaning that the meat isn't overcooked).  Always a reliable choice.  Don't get to hit this place much anymore, since I've retired to the NW, but will when I visit.. Yes yes yes! Took some friends and clients for a beautiful dinner here. What can i say? Amazing food. Highest quality I've had in a VERY long time. The steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked and all topped off with their truffle butter (highly recommended but an extra $15 add-on, I know. I can buy a lot of butter for $15, but worth it). Yum! Also ordered a fairly large seafood tower. It was stocked with lobster, large crab claws, oysters, crab legs. Can you say, Unbelievable! With our steaks, we ordered the following sides. Creamed spinach, mac and cheese, and the gnocci. All amazing. Obviously the price here is fairly hefty but was well worth it. Impeccable service with our waiter anticipating our every need. We ordered so much food that they ultimately comped us on a free desert. Way to go Maestros. Will most definitely come again!. Great happy hour! Super busy and the service is mediocre.. Huuuuge menu.. I had the 5$ happy hour burger and it was good.. Ate here today da food was excellent I brok da Mout lol grinds were very good da service was excellent I've tried other Filipino food restaurant here in Phoenix it wasn't that  good I will definitely come back to Casa Filipino PS there soibau was very good. AMAZING FOOD, LARGE PORTIONS, GOOD SERVICE, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE, what more is there to ask for.. From plush dogs, to unique flower arrangements and gift baskets full of chocolates and fruit. This is the place! Do not look any further my friends. You get personal email replies from an actual personal if you request a certain question. Super friendly. Very responsive! They went beyond my expectations for a unique order I absolutely needed to that special someones day! :)  Double fist pump in the air!. Having been to The Bazaar by Jose Andres and loved it, I was excited to try some of his more traditional fare.  Overall, I thought this meal was fun and an overall success.  We came here on a Sunday night without reservations but were seated right away as a table had just become available.  This is off to a good start!

We started with the Aceitunas ($12 for 4 anchovy stuffed green olives and 4 kalamata olive spheres made from sodium alginate).  I've had Jose's black olive spheres at the Bazaar and actually thought the kalamatas work much better.

Next, we had the Chistorra Envuelta ($8 for 6 skewers).  The spicy chorizo  was quite tasty and contrasted perfectly with the crunchiness of the potato chip wrapped around the  skewer.

The waitress highly recommended the Gambas al Ajillo ($10 for 6 shrimps) which the menu features as one of their most popular dishes.  Maybe it was high expectation from the waitress and the menu, but I thought the shrimp wasn't really anything special.  Sure it was perfectly cooked, but it just tasted like nicely cooked shrimp with garlic oil.

My favorite dish of the night was easily the Pinchon Estilo Alcantara which was squab topped with foie gras and shaved black truffle ($22).  All the flavors came together so well.. I would have ordered this plate just for myself.. who says sharing is caring?

The Rape a la Donostiarra ($10 for a large platter of thinly sliced monkfish) was pretty solid.  The waitress said it was a brave dish.. I've never had monkfish prepared this way before, but didn't think it was anything overly eccentric.

Finally, we had the Arroz a Banda con Bogavante ($28) which is their lobster paella.  I was really looking forward to this, since we were sitting right next to the paella station.  As a quick note, they only serve 2 paellas at any given night, and could take up to 30 minutes to prepare, so be aware that not all options are going to be available.  The paella was quite rich and tasty.. a tad over-seasoned, but that's ok.  Each dish is served with half a lobster tail and a claw, which was a nice touch.

We had our meal with a pitcher of red sangria, which I highly recommend.  You can never really go wrong with wine mixed with fruit.

Overall, Jaleo was pretty much what I expected from Jose Andres - tasty, modern Spanish cuisine.  I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu.  Definitely come in a group to maximize the selection.  I thought our party of 6 was perfect, since most of the dishes come in groups of 6.  Also, I actually thought the price was fairly reasonable for what we were getting.

4 stars!!. I go here once every couple months or so, and it's always great. The Stuffed Italian sandwich and the Antipasta Salad are both solid choices. On one occasion, I ordered two entrees to-go, but they messed up one of them. I called the restaurant, and they had me come back to pick up the order, at which point the manager gave me a brand new meal and refunded the cost of it to my card after apologizing for the mistake. It's just nice that they own a mistake and make it up to you. Also, the pizza and drinks there are awesome as well - will definitely continue going here.... Excellent food, great service (#johann). Salmon was incredible, bone in filet melted in the mouth.  Peanut butter lava cake was over the top. Can't go wrong. #hearthstonelv. A true Vegas experience. Great food and atmosphere, it a must go to when I go to my bi-annual trip to Vegas. Has the old Vegas feel, good traditional atmosphere, classy servers and excellent food  Its a little dressier than most places,  Please try it out, you won't be disappointed.. Great service, great food! The margaritas need to be larger though, but that's the only negative, they taste great.  I'm not sure why i haven't come here before... I'm going to be a regular customer note though.. Nothing spectacular, but great food, amazing service and a well thought out restaurant.  Highly recommended!. Definitely a LEGIT trush irish pub. Been to that bar a few times and everytime I had nothing negative to say about Rosie's. Really great selection of draft beers which is  always a plus in any bar I plan on visiting. My only issue is being a west valley guy, it can be a little bit of a drive to the central phoenix area. My advice for anyone coming the west valley or anywhere else were this could be a little out of their way, defintely designate a DD!

So my first experience of Rosie's came from a  very good friend told me about this Irish pub not too long ago, and since then this family-operated establishment has been one of my new favorite bars. The atmosphere is dim lit, not too loud, and equipped with several TVs for anyone that wants to watch a european soccer game. 

I spent the last St. Patrick's day @ Rosie's and had a blast!!!! Cover charge was no shocker, but still reasonable, and absolutely justifiable if you have ever been there before. Every corner of the whole place was filled with live music, great people, and of course good irish whiskey! Both indoor and outdoor bands were playing all types of music. I reccomend anyone in the area to visit Rosie McCaffrey's, but just be on the lookout that parking cansometimes be a pain, so keep an eye out for a n empty spot!. As a former Starbucks shift manager, I hold Starbucks stores to extemely high standards. I frequent SBUX a lot. By a lot, I mean more than the average Starbucks freak. With that said my input is based on what I know the founder of Starbucks wanted out of each store, and how close the store is to achieving that level of quality service. If any of the points below has an "N/A" next to it, that simply means I was not able to form an opinion based on our interactions.

1-Below Standards
2-Meets Standards
3-Outperforms Standards

Store Review

Let me preface this with two things. First, this store is not perfect whatsoever. However, this store is the busiest store in the state of Arizona in terms of revenues so in light of that, I'm cutting them some slack with the 5 stars. Second- The clientel that this store deals with is sometimes less than pleasant and they do a fantastic job at turning around bad situations. So lets begin! 

Avg Visits: twice/week
Partner Friendliness: 2 Partners smile, cheery, initiated conversation, although there are a few bad apples 
Partner Appearance: 3 All looked professional without exception
Partner Knowledge: This crew is very experience and knows coffee and Starbucks well

Store Appearance (decor): 1 Could use some work
Store Cleansliness: 3 despite being the busiest store, it is always clean from my experience
Store Comfort:1 This is by far my biggest complaint. I used to frequent this store every day for lunch when I worked in this area. 3 out of 5 times, I could never get a seat and during Arizona's summer's, there was no chance I would sit outside. I often either had to give up finding a seat or wait 15-20 minutes to get a seat. 

*Either 1 or 2 for this section. Its either right or wrong*
Beverage Taste: 2 Iced Single Venty Hazelnut Breve Iced Coffee
Beverage Consistency: 2 Never had funny tasting drinks
Beverage Temperature: 2 Always ice cold or steamy hot.
Beverage Preparation (I watch): 2 No health hazards, shortcuts, etc.
Beverage Mistakes: 2 Never had a wrong drink made. 

Will I return?: YES

I personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings.. A bar inside a grocery store, what more do you want? People watching, craft beer, any food you want to bring to the bar top, sign me up! Yeah it maybe in a grocery store and people are weird but isn't that the point of foodie/organic places? Solid over all. Come here and you'll come back guaranteed.. Just tried babystacks cafe and the food was delicious. My daughter kept give  me this look of satisfaction as she eats the cookies and cream pancakes while saying mmmmm soooooooo good. The presentation of the meal was beautiful and the taste was very satisfying for your palet. Also on top of that our server Melanie was very polite and very knowledgeable of the food and gave good recommendations for our meal. On top of that she always had a beautiful smile every time she came to our table which made my meal experience more pleasurable. Then the hostess was polite and very accommodating always letting me know my table status. Overall my visit to babystacks cafe was wonderful and can't wait to come back and with more new customer for them.. We had a very pleasant experience here,
We were just in the area when my wife seen this place from the street. Asked me to stop here so we can get one of our daughters glasses repaired. Natalie's glasses were missing one of the screws, and Neci's were loose. So when my wife left, both glasses were repaired, they gave her two new hard glass cases, all for free.
Very nice workers, and great service. STAAAAYYY HEEERRE!!!!!!!

Beautiful property!!! I stayed in the "cheap rooms" being the one on the ground floor with a view of the parking garage... haha... The room was really nice though... Very spacious bad room, and the bathroom was as nice as some of the "deluxe suite" bathrooms I have seen in other hotels... Pretty descent casino floor... LOTS of slots and a good amount of tables... looked like a nice poker room when i walked by, same as the high stakes room... Ate at most of the restaurants inside, and they were all top notch... and fatburger is so tasty at 5 am stumbling back to your room after a hard day and then hard night of drinking :D

PROS:
     *Everything (haha)
     * Excellent staff
     * Very comfortable rooms (bathrooms are gorgeous)
     * Reasonable room rates (stayed Sunday - Wednesday at 90$ a night)
     * Day Spa service is included in room rate... nice...
     * Pools are amazing (both euro style (topless / salt water) and traditional pool - sandy beach included)
     * Grounds are very well groomed (they have their own vineyard!! we ate some fresh grapes right off the vine)
     * Surprisingly there were a lot of families staying there... nice to get to Vegas without the XXX shoved in your face all the time


CONS:
     * $25-$30 cab ride to the strip (shuttles are offered, but don't run too frequently)
     * XXX isn't shoved in your face all the time ;)

I don't think I will go back to Las Vegas and NOT stay here... it's worth it!!!. Another great location for the Vig. Same great food & ambiance in a casual neighborhood setting.. Excellent lunch stop on our first day in Montreal.. Where do I start?

My daughter has been attending this center for 2 years now.  As an only child with two working adults, it has been a wonderful place for her to grow and learn.  The staff is beyond words.  They are so caring and kind.  The know not only every child's name, but also the parents.  It is just a joy to be able to trust them with the care of my little one.

She is currently in the pre-K program, and Mrs. Cindy runs a phenomenal classroom.  She has the kids respect (along with the parents).  It is just a continuation of the environment my daughter has been in since day 1.
Mrs. Ricole is the director, and she is always available to answer any concerns that we have.  She and her front desk staff truly offer a lot of help with scheduling and other minor issues that always seem to pop up.

If you get the chance to send your child here, you will not be disappointed in the quality of care.  Worth every penny.. I was lucky enough to get a great parking spot right in front of Schwartz's on St Laurent.  I had to remind myself how Montreal parking works... it's been a while since I've driven in the city.  You have to know your parking spot assigned number so you can enter it into the parking machine on the street.  You don't need to put the ticket on your dash, you just need to make sure you're entering the right spot assigned number in to the machine.

I didn't see any lines so this was good... it was about 4:45pm.  Walking into the place it was still packed.  There was a single stool at the bar so I ended up taking that spot which worked out since I was by myself.

The choice was simple... smoked meat sandwich!!!  If I didn't get the fries I probably could have eaten 2 sandwiches.  I did get the fries which are basically fries but they are good.  The black cherry Cott soda was a good compliment.  I'm trying to drink less pop these days but really it was a must to complete the trinity.  

This sandwich is spot on and this is one of the reasons why Montreal will always have one up on TO when it comes to food... IMO this one food item is one of the cornerstones of Montreal's food extravaganza.  If it's not their version of bagels, or pizza or steamies it's their smoked meat and this place serves the best I've had.  

I went to Katz in NYC but didn't get end up eating there.  We walked in and walked out pretty fast.  Why?  It felt like I was lining up for get on a Disney ride before the reservation system.  Thanks but no thanks... it was a long walk that day in the summer in lower Manhattan and although I can't compare what Schwartz's has compared to Katz's I probably won't ever have to.  Schwartz's was no nonsense, quick, no line up and I didn't have to feel like I needed a wristband to get into a club that had bottle service.

Schwartz's again = the best I've had in my life for Montreal smoke meat.  Carnegie Deli on 7th Ave in NYC so far is the best corned beef and pastrami I've had.  

Schwartz's prices also are not outrageous either.  Considering they serve a lot of sandwiches both eat in and take out their consistency of their quality has really no choice but to be what they are in order to garner the attention they deserve.  

I will have to now make this restaurant a must go place every time I go to Montreal now... I think I may go there again on the way out of town too!. Being in the service industry myself honesty is a top priority. Dave came out the same day I made the appt and was on time. It was easy to schedule and was offered their current a/c check up special over the phone. 
 Inspite of me thinking I had a problem with my air conditioning he assured me everything was working properly. He could have easily upsold  work I did not need. 
Legacy Air will be my only call for my heating and air conditioning needs. Peace of mind is priceless.. I would have never known about this place without Yelp. It's a one man operation out of his garage, but he has state of the art equipment. I homebrew, but can only dream of doing what he does. 10 gallon batches, so when it's gone - it's gone. Very friendly, affordable, and quality beer. I'm enjoying his IPA right now. My only hesitation in giving him a great review is knowing his beer will be gone quicker!. Magic In The Ivy...don't visit Huss without trying this one...Amarillo By Morning is another one, oh, and....well, any of Huss's beers you don't want to miss!. Ok, I've had rum from all around the world and Tim's is on par or better than all that. If you don't drink their rum, then you hate Pittsburgh and you hate America. Guessing yelp deletes this review because they also hate small business and hate America.  Bet they keep competitors negative reviews though...... I called them last night 11 pm. 
My garage door motor stop working and I try to lift the doors by myself nd I broke the spring. 
The garage door tech arrive really fast he was honest and adjust my motor , replacing my spring. 
Thank you.. Oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness I had an excellent sandwich from this place it was an Italian and it was so good. Upon first pulling up to and entering Luci's there does not seem to be much to like about this place, let alone to get excited about.  However, I decided to give it a try for lunch one day.  What can I say?  I LOVE THIS PLACE! Granted there is absolutely nothing special about the atmosphere and the patrons were not quite as eclectic as I thought they would be (OK I used to hang out in Greenwich Village a lot when I lived in NY).  But the "something special" is right where it counts... The wonderful food and friendly staff.

If you are looking for unbelievably great tasting, organic, fresh and healthy food; this is the place to go.

My first time there I had the Humm-Dinger Vegan Wrap. This wrap had artichokes, zucchini, red bell peppers (all roasted to perfection), fresh and I mean FRESH spinach along with hummus and balsamic. For my side I had the homemade asiago penne salad and an herbal iced tea to drink.  The wrap was by far the best tasting wrap I have ever had anywhere! The penne salad was very good and it was a nice small portion (just the right size).  The herbal iced tea was absolutely full of flavor and the portion size on the wrap was great. If I were hungrier I could have consumed the whole wrap, but as it were I took half of it home and enjoyed it just as much the next day.

Yes, I really do love this place.  I have now been back for a third time and I have never been disappointed. The other dishes I have tried are: The Portobello "Shroom" Burger (absolutely fantastic!) and the Low Carb Gobbler Wrap (again another fresh and delicious choice).

I now look forward to going here much more often for lunch and I want to try their breakfast too.  Something tells me I won't be disappointed.. Best in the burgh.
A very nice, small, and very friendly Chinese restaurant.
They have good lunch deals and there pricing isn't too bad either also they offer delivery service. 

If you stop in I suggest you try there appetizers very good also ask for the home made spicy mustard its very sweet and tangy but has a good kick to it.. Breakfast or lunch and even business lunches will be a perfect place for you. Food is incredible and the service as always at the Wynn, 5 stars. My wife was given a chair of sorts for her purse. i thought that was kind of classy.. When it comes to Filipino food and baked goods, only one restaurant comes to mind..... Goldilocks! 

To many people, Goldilocks is a storybook character that wanders into the houses of some bears....but to fans of filipino baked goods, only one bakeshop comes to mind. GOLDILOCKS!

Living out in Henderson, there are not very many choices for filipino food nor a place to pick up the essentials of pan de sal and ensaymada. But low and behold.... there is a Goldilocks bakery located just off the 215-Eastern!! 

No longer does one that lives on this side of town have to trek down to Goldilocks on Maryland parkway! We have it all right here! And they even have a small selection of hot items such as pork adobo available throughout the day as well.. Normally I wait until at least a second visit to write a review but in this case there is no need. My companions have dined here several times before and commented extensively about their experiences.
TYou might think just like I do Mexican food is Mexican food, in this case it is a totally different flavorful experience.

The food here taste fantastic! So I had to ask our server what the secret is. Of course she couldn't divulge it all but the basics is a lot of marinade and smoking. Even the refried beans have a wonderful smoky flavor to die for.

In addition to wonderful food was excellent smoky flavor there is a wide variety of sauces to choose from, and the servers are all very happy to work here. Lastly the place is decorated way over the top for a Mexican food restaurant it's eye-candy for the Sonoran taste palate.. This is my second time to an Eddie V's.  First one was in Austin and had a very good experience.  Same to be said of this one, the seafood tower is delicious and almost too much for our group of 8 along with the other appetizers that we got we really didn't even need dinner!  However, my swordfish was better than fantastic, had a nice kick too it...was right on the edge of being too spicy but it was perfect.  Our waiter was very friendly almost too much as he told us he was going to a Bon Jovi concert with his wife...who is wearing leather pants that she still can fit into from High School...which was probably over 20-25 years ago.  I probably wouldn't go unless work or I am being taken there because it isn't cheap...but if you are going to go higher end, I like it better than Ruth Chris and other higher end steak houses.. We went here for our first A's spring training game, and had a great time sitting by the A's bullpen in the sun. The stadium is definitely a bit old and worn down, but the food was decent and the beer was cold. I hear the A's are moving to Mesa in 2015, so not too many more chances to see them here.. I've been here a few times, never been disappointed.  My first time, I told them I wanted my curry dish spicy....never again.  Tasty but I was sweating like crazy after wards.  Very good thai food for the buck.  A side note: the dipping sauce the spring rolls come with is fantastic.  Overall very delicious place.. Nice restaurant with great staff.  Food was delicious and service was very good.

I will be back soon.. Adriana, the store manager, is great. She remembered my name after only two visits. Fast service with a smile. Always have my favorite bagels available. I never wait in line as they are very efficient. Go in and get a bagel. Great coffee too.. Ambiance: As basic as it gets. Two flat screens play Sri Lankan music videos.

Service: Attentive, friendly. 

Price: $6 and up 

Food: Best assortment of authentic Sri Lankan food in Montreal, including idlis, vadaas, string hoppers, pittu, and Indian standards such as thalis and curries. The dosas are to be highly recommended. The onion bhaji is fantastic. The portions are tremendous.

Summary: The food is as home cooked as it gets. It is not restaurant fare prepared for a western palate, but rather hearty food for the ex-pat Sri Lankan community. One of Montreal's hidden treasures.. I've loved coming to this place ever since they opened up their location on Eastern. The food is excellent!  the crab cakes are delicious, the crabs are mouth watering and you can't go wrong with the seasoned fries. Anyone complaining about how long it takes for the food to come out is full of it. It takes time to steam crabs, it takes time to prep it, it takes time for freshly made food to be delivered to your table. If you come in here thinking it's a fast food joint, you're wrong and need to go somewhere else like McDonalds. If you have any issues, ask for my man David. He'll immediately fix it for you.. Are you a VEGETARIAN?  Are you having trouble getting enough protein?  Well your answer is Krayvings!

It has been open for just a few weeks so there are some growing pains with the staff and organization.  It was very busy on Sunday at 1300 when I went.  Personally I loved the ordering at your own pace and personal customization of your order from the tablet menus.

What I was most surprised about was the flavorful health food that can been found all over the menu.  For you Veggie Lovers out there I highly recommend the Tofu Power Protein Bowl!

My wife loved the BBQ chicken wrap, and my mother in law loved the Turkey Club, which was huge.

Give this place a try especially if you are a health nut like me.  I couldn't be happier that this place arrived at a location desperately in need of a healthy option!. My wife and I had breakfast this morning and were glad to see a new place near our home. Mgr came over to say hello and staff were all very friendly. Place is big and VERY clean.
We shared a Joe's scramble and had left overs for our dog. Great coffee too
Hope they do well. Now that I've been there five times, I'll put in my 2-cents.  This is a pleasant spot with friendly service, reasonable prices, in a clean environment.  The food is tasty, with a few, somewhat unconventional items for you to try.  I haven't taken advantage of the bar that's in a smallish, attached room with a nicely stocked bar and good drink prices posted on the board.  $2 for bottled Moosehead!
I have noticed that the service can be a bit slow from not having enough staff on-hand.  If you're in a hurry, you may want to ask.. I was at Caesar's Palace for a convention and we ordered over 40 boxes of Doshirak. I gotta say, I've never had Korean food outside of Cali until this weekend. It was the best I've had in a while. 

I tried everything from the bulgogi, dweji gogi, and the salmon plates. I love the portions they give you on everything. 

5/5 for great taste, great service, and originality.. Ask for Justin on the back porch. He's amazing. He knows his beer and has a really dry sense of humour, which I like.. Even though I'm allergic to seafood I took my wife here for her birthday,  and the selection of non seafood dishes were fantastic!  The filet mignon was a melt in your mouth delight,   the pork belly sushi rolls are delicious,  the server was  very helpful and knowledgeable with top notch service.  I'm definitely going back again.. Part of our 24 hours buffet bonanza ($49.99 for Total Rewards Members), loved the lunch selection.  There were options from all over the world and the desert spread was awesome.. Fun concept gourmet fried chicken from wings to sandwiches tired the blue bird love me some blue cheese! The chicken was nicely seasoned and the habanero hot sauce is awesome! Highly recommend nice venue as well, sit street side near large windows. What a great sushi place....The portions were more than satisfying and the service was quick.

The food was very fresh and the menu w
Had a large selection to choose from.

When traveling out of your normal sushi range, it's always a cap shoot....I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great sushi experience.. Vapiano's is designed and laid out like a stylish European quick service restaurant. As you walk in you are handed a plastic charge card the size of a credit card. When you order the food, the price is added to the card and you pay for everything as you leave.

Since everything is self service, tipping is not required, however, leaving a couple of dollars for the person cleaning tables never hurts.

The food selection ranges from a wide variety of pasta (made fresh in house) with different meat, vegetable and sauce options to pizza, sandwiches and salads. All of the dishes are priced reasonably and the portion sizes are generous. 

The overall atmosphere is casual with decor that would not be out of place in a much more upscale restaurant. 

There are two reasons why Vapiano's did not receive a 5 star rating from me:

The amount of meat, seafood, etc. that comes with most of the dishes tends to be on the small to miniscule side.

The other proplem is the consistency of the food. Depending on the cook that prepares your order, your food may be over or under seasoned. 
The other night we ordered the Pesto E Spinaci and the "hint" of basil pesto ended up being a big heaping boat load of pesto.

Overall the is a very good place to go if you are looking for good food at a fair price. As long as you don't mind getting your own food and drink refills you should be able to enjoy Vapiano's.. If you need to LOCATE THEM: they are on the street on the west side of the food court. Great food. Had the Hawaiian burger. Super filling and a great price.. Our family had an amazing time with Caleb and Hugo! They were very helpful, instructive and patient with our large group. They made sure everyone had an awesome time!. Outstanding rooms with amazing views. Staff were exceptional and vibe was vibrant. Outstanding experience rather just a hotel to sleep in.. So it looks like from the other reviews I've had a pretty decent experience every time I've been here! Being that this is the closet location to me and the limited amount of food that is available in the late hours Roberto's is always my 1st choice! Carne Asada fries are a hit!! I usually get the nachos but them chips are extremely fried and hard! Even though As far as calories are concerned the fries are more.. But who's counting calories right?? RIGHT! Service for the most part is what it is.. If you don't speak Spanish at least know how to communicate the # of your item! They definitely nickel and dime you for every one of the extras and it's expensive for just a regular burrito once you finish trying to add in all the extras and substitutes! Portions are always equal to what you pay for! That's why the nachos or fries are the best! Seems everytime I go though the prices increase!. great food.  had the tasting menu.  timing  of the courses was a bit off....one of our friends had an entree and waited till our 4th course to have his meal.  otherwise, great service and ambience.. Stopped in here during a trip to Vegas during an open mat on the advice of a friend who trains there. The competition was FIERCE, the rounds were long, but it was a great workout and everyone was very welcoming. It was an open mat so Sergio didn't have to be there, but he was, spending time and talking with his students (and even me). Crazy to see his red belt just hanging up in the locker room. If you're thinking about BJJ and live in/around Vegas, you'll be hard pressed to find a more focused, traditional BJJ school. Lots of talent here.. Perhaps the best customer service on Earth! They messed up my order once, and immediately the manager called me and apologized and offered a free meal and more. They're always so happy the second you walk in, and always helpful, I get excited when I order from them knowing how nice they are. Wings are top notch too (try the Mango Habanero), you'll always get a quality order.. Can't help but to love all the fresh produce, cheeses, seafood and meats What a deli and bakery.  Was a pleasure stopping in there while visiting in Charlotte. even bought a gift there to bring back.. I love this place! Favorite restaraunt in Vegas.  We usually eat at the bar when we go, but the table service has been excellent as well.  Blaise and Christina the bartenders are friendly and have a great memory.   Try one of the house special espresso shots with dessert!    As for the food, it is fantastic too.  I have had the filet with the balsamic on the side, great combo.  Also the pasta are all handmade and the meat sauces are really MEATY!  Try the Gnocchi with bolognese and some marscapone cheese.  Off the menu item, but great flavor.    They have fresh made gellato and some fun 'create your own' canollis for dessert.. I only used the smaller bikram room but I understand the other room is larger. The bikram room is smaller than the rooms at the Green Valley and Summerlin yoga gyms. 

Nice hot room with attentive instructors but the class right before Thanksgiving dinner was running low on floor space. This gym is closer to home and the price is about the same as the others so I be back.. 1/29 - With a $50. Groupon in hand, we were quickly seated for lunch. A 2nd row table off the street gave us a good view of the Bellagio fountain show. I ordered the prime rib sandwich - came with fries and the wife had the meat pizza. Our server suggested the brocolini side dish. Washed it all down with a couple of soft drinks. Food was good, good, good. And the service wasn't bad either. Another $5. out of pocket so $35. for a great lunch with a view wasn't bad. Would definitely go again!!. $5 Ahi tuna tacos, $4.50 wings (that are not small) for happy hour and a Coach Erickson sighting (he's apparently a partner). What more could you ask for?
I know, I know, a Coach Graham sighting.

Personally though, I've been there a few times and never saw anyone playing pool. If they got rid of all the tables but one and moved that one to the front left corner, they could make that large wood floor space a dancefloor, bring in a deejay and have a booming nightlife there as well as good food. 

That floor space is also large enough to host live local music. 

They seem to hold the service to a high level too as our waitress was excellent the first few times we came and then when our server changed things changed a bit as well. 

A promising place nonetheless that's large, has an abundance of good flatscreens, good happy hour food specials and often times good service.. Great place to take your dog for day care and boarding!!  We took our Lab/Pit puppy in for his evaluation and he loved it.  Tucker played the entire day and when I went to pick him up he was happy to see me but sad he had to leave all his new friends.  Tucker now knows what the barker lounge is and if I say it before we leave the house, he knows where we are going and get super excited.  We have boarded him there and everything went well.  The staff here is one of the best, they are always friendly, the facility is clean and you can tell they truly love taking care of these dogs, especially Tucker!!. They have some very talented instructors at Yoga Love, they are all so dedicated, creative and helpful.  It's a small studio, and they work you hard, but you learn a lot.  

Parking can be challenging at times, but I don't have a problem with on street parking, especially if the class is after 6 pm or on Sunday.  

The space is inviting and comfortable.  The other students are friendly.  The staff is welcoming, encouraging and well trained.. We stayed over with our kids and four of their friends for the July 4th weekend when their parents were off to LA. Stumbled upon this small Chaat place for a evening bite when driving on Bell rd. First thing caught our kids attention was their caption "Match Made in India".  The inside is so much more inviting than any Indian Chaat place in Phoenix, Service is very good but a little stuffy. Highly  recommended for their Chicken Tikka pizza, Egg puffs and their Kali Miri Sabji & Chicken Karahi special with paratha... 
On a side-note my wife does catering from home, and knowing the costs and quality- not sure how this place is providing this good quality food with so cheap prices Kudos. Will visit again with my friends.. Umm is it possible to give MORE than 5 stars!??! My girlfriend believes, Duane is AMAZING, and hands DOWN the best handyman ever. We stumbled upon him and had him come to the house to fix a ceiling fan that had fallen out of the ceiling completely. Yikes... His charge was reasonable for coming by about $40ish and he really goes above and beyond especially with quality and letting you know the facts. 

This was a house full of girls and often times when they are clueless they try to pull a fast one, NOPE, not Duane. He is honest, and very caring. When he was leaving he noticed the door had a stick to it and brought back something from his vehicle and fixed it for free!

Most recently, my girlfriend called him at nearly 9pm to tell him her disposal stopped working. He immediately remembered her as the house with the three dental students and exactly where she lived (even though he had last been there a year ago) and walked her through how to fix it over the phone, for free. 

This guy really is the epitome of what everyone wants and needs in a handyman! Call him for ANY home issue you may need help with!. Me and my wife are regulars here! Its a fast meal when I dont feel like cooking so I make sure to swing by after physical therapy (AFC) to snag some food on the way home... We had a great time and i was going to post something last night but my battery was dying... The server was great, some rocker chick, I forget her name cuz we were drinking, she was awesome!!  We had the two for 20 meals... I ALWAYS get the rib basket and wifey always gets something that sounds healthy... Food was spectacular, but the salad was awkward because of the hot bacon vinagrette dressing, it wasn't for me...But all in all great time EVEN though it wasn't happy hour... Was cheaper then I thought... Sorry no pics... I was spending more time with my wife then the electronics and basketball game that was going on!! We love Applebee's!!. Nerrick and Bella are a great team. I love the Russian house music that always seems to be playing as I come in.

Nerrick did an amazing restoration  job with a really torn up pair of Birkenstocks I brought in. Bella does amazing alterations, including that great suit you wished fit a little better.

They work hard and make your shoes and clothes better than when new. Prices reasonable for true custom and personable service.. Need a cheap breakfast served to you by people that treat you like family as soon as you come in the door? This is your spot.

The food is solid dinner food. You will get a good meal at an excellent price, and probably a hug. The place is small, so if they are busy be prepared to stand and wait

It is what it is. A quirky place to grab a meal run by a really nice couple.

I would be remiss to review this place and not mention the free Thanksgiving meal the Sandwich Shop does for those that have no place to go, can't afford it, or are shut in.. I've ordered here twice and got my coworkers hooked.  I loved the oven baked ham and Swiss. They keep it simple, just plain yummy. Can't wait to try some of their bakery items or even the breakfast. The owner is nice too. Only bummer is that I couldn't order lunch late one day I think they close at like 3pm boooo. But try them, they're great and fresh. Very homemade and not over processed. My friends and I just finished shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. After a few hours of shopping, we were all starving, and needed to find a restaurant that was quick and easy. Because it was New Year's Eve, we knew that every restaurant and buffet would be packed.  So we decided to give Earl of Sandwich a chance.

Gotta tell you...ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS I'VE MADE IN MY LIFE. I ordered the Hawaiian Sandwich, which consisted of ham, chicken, pineapple, and barbecue sauce. It was satisfying!! Even though Earl of Sandwich falls into the category of a quick place to eat, it did not have the fast-food quality food. 

I was so happy with my dinner that I convinced my friends to come back a few hours later (around 2AM). The sandwiches at Earl of Sandwich are great for after drinking....believe me.

I LOVE EARL!!

Personal favorite:
Hawaiian Sandwich. I sooooooo wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars but I just couldn't because of location.  Which I will touch on at the end.  First, the food!

She Crab Soup:  10/10  The chef is a Charleston native and apparently prides himself on this dish.  Well... bravo, my friend.  I will be back many-a-times for this alone.  

Fresh Bread/Cheese:  6/10  You might think this is weird to add this in the review but I thought it was pretty cool that they made fresh butter/cheese every night with their own twist.  It just so happen that cream cheese and dill was below average to my pallet.

Pork Tenderloin:  9/10  Succulent! Delicious tender pieces of pork laid over a risotto to die for... Worth a 2nd, 3rd, possibly 4th order in a row.  

Additionally, they have a wide selection of local micro brews which always pushes you up on my list.  Great job, guys.  Only problem.... Located back in the middle of a corporate park well off the beaten path.  Just odd.  But a good find if you venture there.  

Enjoy!!  

-Ian M.. Sooo... Pretty much one of the most fantastic places in fitchburg and I love it. Bacon Pancakes? Umm yes please. They have every type of breakfast food under the sun. Omlets and Pancakes, to Crepes O Chocolat. You can build your own or get something standard. It's in kind of in a hidden area so you gotta know where it is. Furthermore this place does get pretty busy for sunday brunch or brunch in general. The staff is SUPER fast (if your there at a good time and not when church lets out) and everyone just seems to have a blast when they're there. I love this little hidden Gem and everyone should go and enjoy it!. It's open again!  Same great donuts as always (and a lot brighter inside!?), glad to see a good guy was able to make it back!. This is one of the best DD locations in town so far.  The staff is courteous and drive-thru service is fast.  The breakfast sandwiches and coffee are really good, in addition to the donuts.. Consistent, eclectic fare at reasonable prices.   Large portions.   I eat mostly breakfast at ZJ's, have tried most of the menu over the years, and keep going back.   I've even figured out when to arrive so I can park!. Buying a new car is an exciting thing. The new car smell, the roar of the new engine and the shiny new paint.  In my case the shiny new paint was damaged by the dealer.  They dusted the car with probably an old towel.  I didn't come to realize this till the next day when I took the car out in the sun.  

I had swirl marks everywhere as well as some paint imperfections that came from the factory.  You can't imagine the disappointment I felt after paying big money for this car.

For the heck of driving and forgetting about it I drove to Vegas the next day.  The roar of he Hellcat can't be beat.  But then I got to Vegas and my car was still messed up. Woke up and searched Yelp and I found Gloss-It.  Yelp 5 star reviews all around. I'm like this may be the place to help me out. 

I called them up an spoke to the owner Rich. He said sure bring the car in and we'll take a look at it.  Right away when you see their facility and walk into the shop you see a black Corvette that is shinier than anything I've seen before. I'm like if they can do that, They can fix my car. 

Rich and Jacob took the time to explain the process and what it would take to get the paint and swirl problems fixed.  He then showed me a lot of the products and things that they would be using.  I'm like you certainly know what you talking about. Get her done.   

They called me back around 4 and said the car is ready come pick it up.  Turned out Rich had done the car himself and really took care of much more than the stuff we discussed.  Right away I can see a huge huge difference on the car I have left just a couple hours back. Swirl marks were gone. The car was already much more brilliant than when I left it. 

He then proceeded to show me how to apply even more shine to the car.  We did just a portion of the car, the trunk in this case.  This Quarts product he sells is just incredible. The best way I can described the results is to think of clear nail polisher after you apply it. How shiny your nails look.  That's how shiny my car looks. It's absolutely breath taking.  Rich took the time to explain some of the other products he sells and their application.  You can bet I bought some more stuff. 

Overall the results are well worth the price.  I am now grinning ear to ear, as one should when you buy a new car. All three things are there now. The new car Smell, the roar of a big engine (Hellcat) and the very very Shiny paint. 

I would highly recommend their products and their service. 

Drove the car back to the hotel. Valet was like what the heck did you do to your car, is shiny as hell. Told him where I did it. He was like I'm going there next time. 

Great Job Rich or how I decided to call him. The Walter White of detailing chemicals.

https://www.facebook.com/GlossIt/posts/912731385428569. I met a friend and her dsughter here for breakfast at their request.  They ate open for breakfast and lunch according to their sign.  The service was great and they were very attentive to out needs.  They are a typical Americana Cafe.  I ordered the Belgium Waffle with fresh Strawberries on it, 2 eggs and sausage on the side.  I originally wanted the 5 berry topping but the waitress explained it was frozen and not fresh, praises for her honesty.  The sausage patties were dry and not really worth the effort to eat.  My guest really enjoyed their meals.  Over all experience was satisfactory.  The best part, aginan was the wait staff.  I rated as high as I did because of the staff.. This is going to sound like a farce, but I daydream about my meal at Holsteins on a nearly daily basis - the burgers were THAT good.  I was a little, um, rough from 2 consecutive nights of partying, and the burgers here dazzled my taste buds and satiated my poor stomach.

We started with Radicchio Salad which was large enough for two to share as a starter and was perfectly tossed and loaded with fresh parmesan.  We split a Korean Bullgogi Burger and a Gold Standard Burger, and trying to pick the better of the two would be like trying to pick the more obnoxious twin between Mary-Kate and Ashley.  The Gold Standard was a glorious pastiche of meat and cheese, vegetable and fruit, starch and sauce.  And then the Bullgogi, with the glaze, the egg, the trite kim-chi whatever-it's-going-to-be to make the dish "Korean" (in this case, kim-chi slaw) worked equally well together to create a fabulous burger.  I would urge anyone to order either of these but all of the burgers looked appetizing on the menu.

My only regret (due to an impending drive back to LA) was not being able to try one of the alcoholic shakes.  

Oh! And since they mistakenly brought out the salad with the burgers (I asked for it before the burgers, naturally), they offered us a complimentary whimsical dessert sampler (I think it's "The Candy Store" on the menu) that was great; save the mini-drumstick cones for last!. I has a not so great experience however the staff made sure my concerns were addressed and this attention to detail and consumers is over and above what I expected. Thanks guys for your hard work. Below is my previous review which they have taken the time and made the effort to correct .  Having purchased the full wash I do not expect to have to ask the attendant to lower windows to remove spots at window edges.  Upon returning home I needed to get a cloth and remove water spots and dirt from around door handles, dirt from inside doors and fuel door, trunk and hood edges and mirrors where it was clearly visible. Neither do I expect to have to vacuum the area next to, under and behind seats or seat tracks or under floor mats and in the carpeted rear deck and trunk area or around moldings on the interior. Paying full price the expectation was for the whole job. The dusting job was similarly disappointing with dust around registers, controls and virtually any surface that was not easy to reach. The clue might have been when I got in and had to start picking up bits and pieces  of dirt, hair, gravel and a french fry or two and  dusting further while the attendant got the egregious spots I initially noticed and then stood by. Stains in the finish were not removed with the treatments used. The assumption by their glass repair person that services would be covered was also false. On the good side at least this group did not damage the finish, everybody was  friendly unfortunately I am still looking for a facility that will do as good a job as i can in the same time. I purposely did not use the online coupon as I hoped for the several dollars I would get a job done as advertised and avoid issues some other reviewers  have experienced with attitudes when presenting coupons. I  am sure  returning and  pointing out the issues that everything would  have  been rectified but I already spent the time and money and they had their one chance and even got tipped.. A very cool use of space, and a staff that makes you feel like you are coming over to a friend's house for breakfast.  Except that you have to pay.

The smoked pork chop is amazing.  I'd have eaten two of them, no problem.  The waffle was a little wimpy, but everything else was perfect.

I'm going back to try the Japanese cold brewed coffee later.  They gave me a sample before they even opened, and I'm probably hooked.. Grilled cheese appetizer was amazing.
Ceasar salad tacos were good, not great (my gf loved them)
Halibut special was very good.
The fish and chips were good.
Espresso cheesecake was solid.. A decent airport that features free wifi, limited shopping, and average TSA employees.  The lines are seldom long and their retired people in Purple that go out of their way to help you out.  They are building a sky train which will make transportation between terminals easier.  I would give this airport a 3 but free wifi makes me have to give it a 4 :) 

*insider tip: terminal 4 has showers in the bathrooms by the baggage claim. We're back in town for our annual spring training trip.  So of course our first stop for dinner after the game was Draw 10.  

Same as previous years in every way.  Good food, good service, god beer list. Had our usual great time.  See you next year!. Recommended by a friend to check this place out. 

I went on a Monday night, and since no football or any major sporting events were on, place was pretty empty (may be about 6 customers)  

The place was pretty clean and maintained.  I could picture this spot with plenty of people when the college games are on over the weekend.  Music volume was decent, I didn't have to shout to place my order and I can hear the bartenders every word that she told me.

Phillys has a good amount of food to pick from.  I can imagine Phillys is a place to go get cheesesteaks but I wasn't in the mood for it, so I played it safe and ended up getting a Cheeseburger with fries.  I didn't wait long for the food and to my amazement , it was delicious.

I ended up paying $12 for my food.  The burger was pretty huge to begin with.  I was completely satisfied with my meal from the first bite down to the last.  The burger tasted as if it was made out of fresh beef, fries were crisp just right, and the amount of condiments (lettuce, tomatos, pickles) were not over filling.  Definitely a step up above Dennys with better taste as well.

Overall the experience is good.  I'll definitely come back again to try the other things on their menu.. Oh my this is the best place. They have a huge assortment of Sushi with and without rice. They also have a great full menu with lots of options. Lunch specials are amazing.. Have never been a big fan of seafood buffets, but this one changed my opinion.  Everything from the crab legs, raw shrimp and even the prime rib which can be bad at other buffets was top notch.  Located off  the strip inside the Rio, but well worth the effort to get there.  My wife and I did not have one item that disappointed.  This is a must try if you are in Vegas and looking for quality seafood.. We had an Entertainment Book coupon and checked their ratings on yelp so we decided to give La Barquita a try. The place is a dive and was pretty much as expected after reading the reviews. It was clean and the servers were friendly and helpful. We decided to try the combos and that was a good choice. There was plenty of food and it was very fresh and cooked properly. The salsa was very flavorful but a bit mild so we asked for some hotter salsa. The waitress mixed some of the Habanera in with it and it was perfect. Their Chili Rellinos were some of the best I have had. Overall it was a nice meal and I would recommend their food to anyone just realize the place is very divey but overall enjoyable.. Tasty food! Great price! The best thing to get would be there chicken! Service was very good. Can't say enough about this place!. I just love Joe's.  Service isn't always perfect but the food is.  Spicey Dungeness Crap Pot and a cold Bud Light. MMM, I am in heaven.  It does get busy so be prepared to wait on Friday and Saturday nights.. Cozy, quaint place with a nice pattio.  Good food, but a bit expensive.  Fries are great!!!  Good service too.. Brother took the malay masala chicken , i took the lamb biryani, the seller is very friendly! Very welcoming!  
I didnt finish the lamb biryani, perfect flavoring 
The malay masala was good too!
He gave us a naan on the house too. I go out of my way to eat here. Great pizza and family atmosphere with enough variety to make multiple visits seem fresh.. Love this spot!!! The location is great because it's in the middle of all of the Montreal happenings (Old City, Downtown, Shopping, etc.) and the building itself is swank. Jacuzzi tubs, flat screens, full kitchen, the works!!! Even the free breakfast and manager's happy hour was great.. I've never had such great customer service in years, until these guys showed up to my home.  They were very professional, courteous and very knowledgeable about their trade.  They put us at ease within minutes even though our entire home was flooded.  I'd recommend this company to anyone in need of their services.. I called different providers and they had the best price. The technician was polite and walked me through the installation process. I liked that he showed up at my home between the time frame discussed a day prior. Will use them again.. At the time of the original order, I was charged for some services that were expected to be done.  It turned out some parts I paid for didn't have to be used after all.  When I called Blake about this,  he handled the refund over the phone with no problems. Based on his earlier service, this was what I expected from him.  Good to be able to say this about Blake!. Went there with the girlfriend before Ka. Got the clam chowder to share, she got the maine lobster (mkt price) and I got the round eye steak. We each got a martini. 
Clam chowder was ok, we had better at the Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. 
Maine lobster was a bit overpriced but very fresh. 5 waiters came to take out the shell! Girlfriend was amazed
Round eye steak was very  generous. Well cooked, and the outside was pretty crispy despite asking for medium rare. Inside was soft and moist as expected.
Got the cream spinach on the side.
Martinis were very strong and plentiful. Water melon martini was very good. We definitely started to speak more loudly and laughing for no reason after a few full glasses. 
Atmosphere overall feels very open, live music is excellent. Waiters were attentive and professional without feeling overwhelmingly present. Girlfriend had a great time so it deserves the 4 stars. Overall, a great experience though a tad pricey, especially the lobster.. Ok, so the 5 star rating is for the bagels, as I haven't tried out the cafe (which looked cute). Of course if you have never had a Montreal bagel in your life, prepare for your life to change for the better. No more of those shiny, poopy, dried out american bagels...nope no thanks!

The cafe has its own brick oven in the back where you go to order your bagels; poppy, sesame or everything. I got 2 doz of sesame and everything and then split a warm bagel with a friend and went to heaven.

They have a refrigerator next to where you order stocked full of spreads, cheeses and butters for your lovely Montreal bagels.. came her on December 30, 2014.  service was good and come to find out the the place has only been here a few months.  Ordered the egg/chorizo breakfast burrito an d it was awesome. Also order the carne asada burrito for my wife and it was a hit. The enchilada combo plates for my two kids were also a good value and had very good flavor. Would have given them a 4.5 but that is not available here. I wish them the best of luck and I will be coming back.. wow wow wow .... Kazza Maza is definitely the gold standard when it comes to Arabic, middle eastern, Lebanese and Syrian food in Canada.   Amazing amazing flavours, service and ambience.. Food served til 4 AM?! Umm yes. This is a great place to go after a club to soak up all that alcohol you drank there. Honestly, I went here twice. Once, I don't remember clearly but the faint memories was delicious! At late night though, they only serve Dominican sandwiches. No worries though, they're delicious.

I had a nice house margarita and an awesome 'Rickis' sandwich. The cabbage gave it a crunch which differs from the other sandwich. The 'Churris ($5)' instead has one beef patty instead of ground beef and onions. I tried the 'Churris' last time I was there and faint memories said that it was amazing, but then again I will have to try it sober to remember the exact details.

I will definitely come back more often, because it's just a great place to just hang out. Not that many people come through so it's quiet to talk. Most likely though, I'll be coming here after the club before I go home.. Okay golfers, this is a great "resort" course. A little challenging yet not too difficult where it will ruin your day because you didn't play well.  

The condition of the course is well kept and the vistas are pleasing to the eye.  The staff is so friendly and helpful and the place is far from stuffy.  

What a great value.. Excellent southern food, they welcome you with free cornbread that is delicious.  Skip catfish, pork chop and BBQ.  Go straight to the buttermilk fried chicken strips - amazing.  For sides, the black eyed peas and collard greens are excellent.  You will need a nap after lunch here.. Eggs Benedict with Chorizo very tasty so much you will not want anything else all day, coffee good, juice fresh squeezed, service is good, restaurant is a bit crowded. You have got check out the washrooms. All in all as good a brunch as you will get anywhere.. A little gem of the south east.. I always seem to hunt for other restaurants along my side of town. 

Parking: For the times I visited, I have not seen it full so I guess its a good thing. 

Interior: Well designed for a thai restaurant. 

Food; Everything has been great so far, I highly recommend the green tea bun that comes out seasonally I believe. Pad thai is awesome.. Curry has the perfect spice.. 

Staff: Very very friendly staff. Cooks are as authentic as you can get.. Hence why the food is close to their bloodline roots which is a big plus in my opinion to bring out the local food from thai... If you've come to Phoenix from a big city that has good asian food, as I have, then you probably know what I mean when I say that it's really hard to find the same thing here.  I really love Thai food and Thai Rama is the best I've found in the Tempe/Chandler/Mesa/Gilbert part of the East Valley.

 My two favorites with any Thai place are pad prik khing (available also on the lunch menu) and drunken noodle (listed under the Thai name at TR).  My third, "once in a blue moon" dish, is panang curry.  They do all three well, with the pad prik being the best.  I've come here 25-30 times over the last five years and never once had a disappointing meal, nor have I ever had poor or slow service.

 As many a reviewer has mentioned, the lunch special is a real bargain that will fill you up.  I think they have ten items or so available for that, though it's not the full menu.  It's great to see that they've finally gone to seven days a week.  In the past, their only weakness was that they were only open six days a week (like so many independent places).. As others have written, this is Old School Las Vegas...and I loved every bit of it.  Our party had Brad as our waiter...this guy is great!  He's very sharp, upbeat, and funny.  We brought wine in and they took care of all of that perfectly.  We ordered a lot of food and wanted our dinner served slowly throughout the evening so as to enjoy the musical entertainment.  Everyone raved about their dishes, and the food made me feel like I was back in Brooklyn...a very good thing. I will definitely repeat.. As previously noted we did go back for dinner with four friends. In addition to beverages,  soup, appetizers and rice we tried a variety of entrees including General Tso's chicken, Mongolian beef, shrimp in black bean sauce, Hong Kong noodles, twice cooked pork and a specially prepared to our requested recipe pork fried rice. All were excellent. The bill with tax and a 25% tip for very attentive service was $120 or $20/person.. I'm not exactly sure what sort of culinary experience the previous reviewers are accustomed to, but Landry's Seafood House is pretty strong in almost every category.  To cite an example of how pleased I am with this restaurant (and the staff!), this is the restaurant I bring [out-of-towners|dates|family] to when I want a guaranteed good meal with fairly good...predictably decent ... service.  Yes, it is rather pricey.  Having lived in the Gulf Coast for many years (unlike many of the other reviewers probably) I happen to be accustomed to a specific style of seafood restaurants, and Landry's is pretty close to delivering. The variety of seafood gumbo, in my opinion, is what I was accustomed to living in the Gulf Coast region.  The lobster bisque is a personal favorite of mine, both for quality and taste.  And, most importantly, the staff of the restaurant are professional, courteous, and at least try to be efficient.  Las Vegas seems to be devoid of the basic concepts of "good service", but not at Landry's.  The service, while not perfect, is certainly better than almost every other 4-star restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas for years.  Only Catherine's in Mesquite has better service, to my recollection, and frankly that's saying a whole lot.  Landry's is not Emeril or Pierre.  Landry's is good seafood from the Gulf Coast.. Love this place...the burgers are great and you get plenty of food for the $$.  Mac and Cheese Burger was legit!  I've been here 5 or 6 different times and I have never left unsatisfied.  The chicken wings were great too!  It is a new place so you have to be patient but I had no problem with the service.  I would say though if your name is Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers the beer could be colder.  With a name like that I expect ice to build up from a super cold beer and frozen mug.  Anyhow, everything I've had has been great!  Don't let me forget..they have a Sh!t load of TV's too.  Great for sports. Super glad they came in and took over that spot!. Love Love Love Los Dos. Love the atmosphere, Love the decor, Love the crap on the walls, Love the sign that says, Please control your kids (and friends). Love the food. Love the shrimp entrees, Love the veggie burro (enchilado style, of course - deep fried and drenched in cheese), Love the margaritas that are bigger than my head and Love Love Love the oh so soft and chewy sopapillas (with honey, of course).

The service, on the other hand, is a little more... complex.

One time when we were waiting for a table, when the guy called my name he called, "Last chance for Mark D". Last chance? So we jumped up and ran inside just before he gave our table away to someone else. I said WTF? He said, I called your name three times (He did so NOT call my name three times - we were sitting right in front of the door the entire time - there's no way). So I told him that. And we argued about it, went back and forth like.. did TOO, did NOT, did TOO, did NOT), until I spotted the other guy - the nice guy - standing behind him shaking his head (they've kind of got this good cop / bad cop thing going over there), and the nice guy was just shaking his head, as if to say, "Ah, don't worry about him, he's just in a bad mood." So we didn't, we sat down, ate some fabulous food, downed some rocking 'ritas and had a great time as always. 

Here's the thing I want you to take away from that story: Even though it does seem like there's always at least one employee "in a bad mood", and the service may not be exactly friendly, it is attentive. I've never had to wait very long for anything, or not gotten what I wanted, I just maybe didn't get it with a smile. And for me, for this place, that's fine. That's just the way it is there. I think it helps knowing that going in. In my opinion, the food and atmosphere more than make up for it. Hell, I keep going back and back and back and back.... Bangarang!

Not only does Lollicup serve boba, tea and other assorted Asian drinks. But they also have a wide assortment of inexpensive food.  

When you walk into a this place you realize that it must be authentic.  It is always full of real live Asian people who are having the time of their lives.  It is like walking into an Italian restaurant and seeing the entire cast of the Sopranos.  Sure you might be a little scared at first but in your heart you know that you are in for a treat/adventure, or a treatventure according to the word I just made up.

I got the Thai Iced tea and The Steam Pork buns.  I have only had better Thai iced tea at the Thai Hut in Phoenix, but in all fairness that was after a night long bender in which one of my friends may have gained carnal knowledge of a melon. So it really is not fair to compare seeing as how my mind was already blown that day.
The Steamed Pork Buns were amazing. They do take a little while longer to make than normal. But when you cram that much awesome into a little bun thing it is best not to rush.

They also have an assortment of games that you can play while waiting or eating.  More places need to have games available. You here me Rose and Crown?  I want to play games!

There is a Bigfoot like rumor about free Wi-Fi here as well.  This has yet to be tested.  I will assemble a crack team of battleship playing nerds to asses this claim as soon as possible.  Stay Tuned.. This is a great new spot in Chandler! The service is good and food was tasty. A coworker and I ordered takeout for lunch. We got the mozzarella burger and buffalo chicken sandwich. The burger was actually a stuffed burger and cheese came oozing out as we cut into it. YUM!!! The buffalo sauce was awesome! It actually had celery bits mixed in. The chicken itself was ok...a little thin and tough. Oddly enough, this grade of chicken seems to be quite common amongst many local spots. Personally, I prefer more of a thicker and juicer cut. The deduction in 1 star doesn't come from the chicken, it comes from the bill. Both meals are $10 each. I called in prior to ordering to verify the cost of upgrading the fries (which are included) to Ivy fries (AKA Greek fries). The gentleman confirmed that it would be a 50 cent upgrade per meal ($1 total) to get the Ivy fries. When I called in to actually place the order, the girl confirmed the total at $21 and change. When my coworker picked up the food I noticed the bill was $28. I looked at the receipt and sure enough, we were charged $6 for Ivy fries. Needless to say, I was a little bummed out. Will I eat here again, you better believe it!!. We had a leaking toilet (reservoir tank) and 2 drains that needed to be snaked as well as a leaky back yard faucet that needed to be fixed.  My wife called and got same day service at a very affordable price.. why did they close this place?? why!?. I seriously love this sandwich shop. The pretzels are great too. Speedy service and a  great menu. I highly recommend it.. Beautiful casino, especially their Chandelier bar as their centerpiece.  A must to grab a (questionably overpriced) drink.  Their signature nightclub Marquee is definitely worth a visit if you're comped or have the money to burn.  Plenty of spaces to explores and get lost in.. I've had the Oliver Peoples Strummer sunglasses for quite a while.

They were always a bit wide, and could possibly fall off my face if I was fixing my shoelaces. I went in, and asked if they could be adjusted. The sales lady brought someone out from the back to look at the glasses, and inspect how they sat on my face.

She noted that there was enough curvature in the arms, and that the best thing would be to bend the ends of the arms down to hug my ears.

She looked at them on my face a few times, and put them on my face a few more times. 4 Mins later she returned with the modifications done. They were symmetrical downward bends, and she added a bit more curvature to the arms.

They were perfect on the first shot.

I love my Oliver peoples even more. 

This is at the Las Vegas Premium outlets, which is north west of the strip. Some of their glasses seem a bit cheaper, however the Strummer model was the same retail price.. Went for the first time today and was great. It is a bit small but the food is awesome! Cool interior and exterior building. I got the chicken sandwich and it was amazing. Think of Chick-Fil-A but times 10. It was temperature hot (I love my food hot) right off the grill and had fresh pickles,great bread and spicy sauce. I also got the chopped kale salad and that was awesome too. The beer they had I think it was North coast was really good summer beer. The prices are very reasonable too. The server was great and manager was very nice. I will definitely go there again soon!. Great place...has own bowling alley, movie theater, pool and jacuzzi are great..workout center and parking.
Good food options restaurants inside casino....very good value..you could just stay here and not leave hotel cause everything you could want us right there.. Have returned to Shiro about 5 times since my first review.

Continues to be exceptional quality and trusted techniques.
Hiro and the rest of the crew (many from the fabled "Ayako Biltmore) are the most experienced and seasoned sushi chefs in the valley.

It isn't cheap, quality never is.. In trying all of the LV Weekly's top 10, I came to this place.  It closes at 7, which I frustratingly found out on a Saturday evening at about 7:20.  When I got there on Sunday, the place was packed and people were standing waiting.  Always a good sign.  So, I ordered to go.  Had the torta ahogado.  Fantastic.  Since I got it to go, they put the sauce and the onions in a little baggy for me.  So, I got home, drenched it and ate.  Had to finish with a fork, but the bread stood up well to the sauce, which is liquidy.  The onion/salsa mixture is HOT, but great.  Basically, it was Mexican pulled pork with the sauce and onions.  Recommended, but be prepared since it's a small place.  I was very pleased how the sandwich stood up even with driving home.  Still warm and delicious.. I went there for lunch and it wasn't half bad.

Ordered the Guey Teuy Kee Mao with Adventure spiciness and it was actually pretty decent. May be a staple for me if I can't get over to Ha Long Bay!. Ah, the poor old Monty. My old guide book has it rated higher than the Mandalay Bay with its single zero roulette, microbrews, tennis courts, and direct line to the Bellagio. So now that that's all history, what's to like? Well...
It's compact - the front desk, rooms, restaurants, and pool are close together, and it's easy to get through the casino to the strip. 
Nice casino - I found good rules (dealer stands on all 17s - couldn't even find these downtown!), had a bunch of fun with the dealer, never had to wait for a drink, and they seemed glad to buy my breakfast.
Cheap rooms - yeah the regular rooms may be getting a little run down...so get a suite. They're inexpensive and comfortable. 
Good choice of food - The pub is still fine without the home made brews, the Sunday brunch buffet was incredible, they have one of the top gourmet rooms, and the fast food court provides a nice alternative. New additions are a nice looking steakhouse in the old lounge and a fun open air cantina on the strip.
I've seen some bad reviews and I don't think it's time to write off the Monte Carlo just yet. It's true that it's suffering a bit from the construction next door (the pool speakers to cover up the noise, the strange view) and there's still some maintenance to be done, but the staff were friendly and we had a great time here. I hope that the MGM folks think it's worthwhile keeping this place up to scratch.... Great portions- freshly made, no UNLV discount and no wi-fi. A business across to UNLV should offer both! Ill be back, but would be back sooner if they had wifi!. Since moving to Arizona I have selected Fry's as my new grocer and am very happy with my choice! I immediately signed up for their VIP card and love seeing the many savings listed on the receipt after every trip.

I am especially happy that I have moved closer to this Frys as it is open 24 hours and even when shopping in the wee hours of the morning can expect to see some nocturnal ASU students.

Any interactions I have had with the staff have been pleasant and enjoyable.. Venue:  Sands Showroom

Decor: Small concert Like Venue, Excellent sound system & Stage

Service: Nice, Friendly

Environment: Good for Concerts & Performances, Cozy!

Food: N/A
 
Prices:  Not too bad, not great but not extremely expensive
 
Debbie Downers:  Excellent seating but some parts of the the venue has skewed viewing.
 
Conclusion: The Sands is a clean venue.  It is a fun venue.  It seems like it would be great for comedy, musicals, concerts or any other acts as there really isn't too many bad seats except for corner view.  I'd expect nothing less from the showroom of the Venetian!
 
Overall: B. impressed.  burgers were solid.  went with a buddy and after we each finished our burger, we ordered another to share as our dessert.. Some of you people.. I question your reviews on this place.

We made a quick Vegas run while in California for work and made reservations for this place.  We walk in a bit early for our reservation and are still promptly greeted and served a drink. Gin Gimlet and we were seated on these nice little couches in the lobby until we could be seated.

We asked of course, if Bobby Flay was working that night and he was!

We got to take pics and stuff with him which was cool and she sat us near the kitchen so we could watch him make our food.

I had the 16 spiced duck breast and a goat cheese/artichoke dip appetizer which was absolutely amazing.

Do not go to vegas and not check this place out. Incredible. When visiting or passing through an unfamiliar place I usually ask a local person what restaurants are good because then you can really find some good places..  I have been going to this Bistro here in Wickenburg for a long time and recommend it all the time. The place is really brilliant.  It is very striking to me when an establishment is really passionate about the art of food and baking and about providing exceptional service.  This is an eclectic, independently-owned, warm, hip place that has a very "homey" feel and a lot of heart and personality (probably has to do a lot with the owner and really great people who work there) .  It's very tastefully decorated, comfortable seating, an option to sit out on the sidewalk cafe and watch downtown sights and sounds.  A variety of good music is played--  People of all ages and tastes would feel very welcome.  Someone with a real food palette can find something very interesting here just as  someone who just wants a great grilled cheese (made with croissant) and a bowl of tomato soup.  Emily, the owner, goes above and beyond to satisfy her customers with an ever-changing interesting assortment of imported italian coffee drinks, bagel and fresh-baked bread sandwiches, baklava, a variety of  traditional and mediteranean salads, cakes, quiches, soups, bagels, chocolate chip bread pudding & other deserts, ice cream, and much more.   There are always interesting specials going on.  One day may feature home made chicken noodle soup along with the other wonderful items that are always available.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone.. "We're counting cards," I fibbed. Nah, I never gambled once and threw my money away instead on food and shopping. Most of it is high end, like "La Perla," but they got the joe schmo stuff now, too. Take a gander: "Emperors Essentials" has "Hangover" movie merchandise. #rainman. Earl of Sandwich... Y U NO HAVE ONE IN BAY AREA?

This place is as good as it gets for sandwiches. I don't normally buy sandwiches at all, because even I am lazy enough to make them myself at home. But DAMNNNNNNN are these good.

I tried the Hawaiian one, it was teriyak, ham, and pineapple in it. Really really flavorful and juicy especially with the pineapples. These sandwiches were so good, that I bought TWO within one sitting. After I finished the first sandwich I went back in line and bought the Holiday Stuffed Turkey Sandwich. It was like an entire Thanksgiving dinner inside the buns. Dried turkey?? NOPE. It fused together perfectly with the cranberry paste and gravy. SO GOOD.

Will come back here if I was back in Vegas for SURE. 

24/7 for all the drunkards out there as well. PERFECT. Can't get any better than this.. Great atmosphere and a huge place.  They definitely put some thought into the build-out.  Their specialty rolls are pretty good for the most part and the service is on point.  Some of the menus and soy sauce containers were a bit sticky and dirty but nothing that would prevent me from returning.. I am a returning customer to Beach Cafe, my parents showed me this place a while back and I find myself coming almost monthly. The smoothies are really good and I have never been disappointed with their food. It bums me out to see how empty it is sometimes when I come in. Well worth a stop in for lunch!. Shipwreck Burger was dynamite. Big enough to split, if you are not super hungry. Not a lot of seating, if the weather is inclimate.. My brother took me to this new Scottsdale hangout on a Friday night.  Food and service was excellent.  Best burger I've had in a long time.

Don't let the "sports bar" moniker fool you this establishment, is firmly aimed at the family crowd with build your own mac n cheese and adores you make at your table. 

I will be back!  Give them a try you won't be disappointed!. You really can't do better than Church Brews.  Great food and beer with an atmosphere that is second to none.. The market by Jennifer. My first time here, and I get to tour the kitchen with the GM. So clean. I ordered the wedge salad to start, it's a Iceberg wedge, point Reyes blue cheese, bacon. Hard to go wrong with this salad. I also ordered the rock shrimp poboy. So good. The shrimp were cooked to about medium rare. A chewy, hard crumbly bread was the rock that held all the goodies inside and gave the sandwich more body. What was just awesome was the pickled and roasted pig trotter. Freaking awesome. It came with a light green salad with a citrus vin. So tender, juicy and fattening. But well worth it. You can also grab cold food to go pre made. Some you can heat up yourself. I went the other way and took home an awesome imperial stout. (yes, they have beer and wine to go!) I can't wait to take my girlfriend in to try the meat and cheese boards and have a bottle of wine.. Originally went with two of my friends as a joke, but this was the most exhilarating 23 seconds of my life... Yes, better than sex the first time since that only lasted 27 seconds.

Anyway, the zip line was safe, the staff was friendly and were there to help if you had any questions or concerns.  Price was a bit ehhh, but it was more expensive I believe in the summer.  If you're not a stickler for cash or want to have the base to say "I zip lined across Old Vegas" I say go for it.  

Be sure to give those below you a good "Shockaaaaa brahhhhhh!" as you glide gracefully across Fremont Street.. Got my food fast and efficient.  Staff was very nice. Bathrooms and lobby are clean . What more can you ask for.. Finally breakfast is something fun again.  Hash House A Go-Go has made breakfast hip and fun again.  The food is terrific.  Giant portions of flavorful, unique and delicious food.  

It is a expensive...for breakfast, but not for the original food.  

This place is much more than eggs and hash browns.  It is an experience.. Taipei Express is the best takeout Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. They are very fast, friendly and cheap! Lunch specials run between $5-7 and are generous proportions while dinners are between $7-9 and could feed two. As for the food quality, this is my favorite Chinese food around. The crab rangoon is almost sweet enough to be a desert. If you come often enough you will likely see me sneaking out with some take out.. Found this place through Yelp and so glad I did! I now have another work lunch destination.

I ordered the 2 fillets/2 sides combo. With the two delicious catfish pieces, I chose fried okra and sweet potato fries. The catfish is on par with Lazy Joe's Fish N Chips. I'm not sure which I like better. They are breaded differently and both have their own merits. I'm always down for fried okra and theirs were as good as I had hoped. The sweet potato fries did not disappoint either. I'm not a big fan of hush puppies, but two of those came with the meal also.

I will definitely be back. There is a plethora of items on their menu I want to try. Specifically, I'd like to try their gumbo and a couple of their other side dishes.. Not often does any place get the full 5 Star treatment, but after our trip this weekend to Four Peaks,,,  I had to fold...

BEER - Kiltlifter awesome, awesome awesome.... 

Appetizer - Panko Crusted Calamari - Best Calamri I have ever had.. This isnt the kind of Calamari that you taste only the batter, but nice Strips of Squid that isnt over cooked or chewy, but delicate n the batter is delish as well, but can definitely taste the squid also, and the spicy Marinara was ok, but the Jalepeno ioli or aioli stuff was wonderful as well.

The Lunch - Swiss Mushroom Burger cooked to order /Med Rare - done just right, even asked for extra mushrooms on side (no extra charge). 

We have been here a few times for their Sunday Brunch as well, and everything we have tried has been very good.. My Fave is the Breakfast Beer Bread

Enjoy, n post your findings as well !!! Cheers !. You must do the Sky Jump upon visiting Stratosphere, Las Vegas! What a rush...A must do for all thrill seekers out there! Wow. Still in awe.. Lovely place.
Food is very nicely preepared.  I have had a few of their chicken dishes, short ribs, lamb, and their omlette a couple of times.  
Service is always stellar and on the warm side of professional.
One of my favorites for a nice evening out.. Purely piercing, 100% professional, clean, centrally located.  I obtained a frenum piercing from this place and was wholly satisfied.  It is a bit pricey, but it's the best piercing company in AZ.. Between here and Golden Harbor, Champaign has some very good Chinese choices on campus. Not to say that the other local choices aren't good as well but these two restaurants serve some of the more classy authentic Chinese dishes that you wouldn't expect other restaurants to serve. Fortunately for the students, these restaurants cook well enough that there is no immediate need to run to Chinatown to enjoy good Chinese cooking. The Hong Sue items and Spicy Beef Tendon noodle soup are great here.. Came out this way on a business trip in December and the couple that run this taxi service are fast, friendly and reasonably priced.  Best taxi service in campaign and I tried the rest so I know.. Awesome! Great for kids and adults...wonderful shows, wonderfully performed, by a talented and gifted cast. Have been part of the cast, crew and audience; all are terrific here. You can't go wrong with Desert Stages.. Great food ... But there were 3 issues
1. You can not creat your own omelet 
2. Slow services 
3. Little bit pricy. Went there last week, they have a NEW Dinner buffet. It cost me around $9 and oh boy it was a steal! They had so much variety of stuff to choose from, lamb,chilli chicken, korma, veggie dishes too...it was awesome! I'm Going to go again tonight, this review thing is making me crave some tikka masala!

The service was Good! It's like family Owned so they welcomed me with love every time I come in!. SO GOOD!
My wife took me to Kickstand for my birthday. I was really looking for a great burger, some tots, and a quality beer. I got exactly what I was looking for and some pleasant surprises along the way.

I chose the first signature burger on the list. Honestly, the best burger I've eaten in the past 3 years. Cooked medium, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo, quac, and BBQ sauce on a delicious kaiser bun. A perfect balance of sweet and spice, fresh ingredients, and cooked to perfection.

Top it off with tots, a cold beer, a beautiful day, and a great patio - happy birthday to me.

The environment was fun and friendly with excellent service. Thanks Kickstand - see you again soon.. This Anytime Fitness has done a complete turn-around.  From a small space that was not well maintained, it has moved into a much larger, 2-story facility with new equipment and really nice facilities (same shopping center).  There is even a big high-tech automated electronic workout room.  They also boast some of the best trainers I have seen.  These are people with real expertise -- not some 6-week wonders hired by some of the big chains.  The place is clean and well maintained and is really comfortable to be at.  The bathrooms are private with showers.  Most cardio equipment is upstairs on a balcony overlooking the rest of the gym. Really nice design.  Also, membership rates are really reasonable.  They have really turned my opinion around 180 degrees.. Dropped in for a birthday celebration with my fiancee. We were seated immediately and received the highest level of service. We enjoyed a nice spaghetti and meatball, and a Chilean sea bass entree. Both were excellent. Nice local alternative in an area overrun with the usual national brands. It was early in the evening after work, some families having dinner, others in the bar. Good variety on the regular menu and compelling specials.. Coming from San Francisco where juice has become more style than substance it was a HUGE pleasure to run across Kaleidoscope juice.  The green apple, lemon, ginger, Cayenne (Gold) and the spinach, ginger, green apple, celery, lemon mint (Anton) were my clear favorites, but all the flavors that I tried were tasty, clean, and fresh. I am becoming a huge fan of cold pressed juice and there are only one or two juice bars that I have visited offering anywhere near this quality product. 

I would recommend this spot if it were just for the juice, but the daily fresh organic snacks made the experience unbeatable.  I would mention favorite quinoa dishes or desserts, but offerings seem to change daily with each being better than the last.

If you have any questions or want to chat you couldn't find a nicer and more knowledgable proprietor who seems to be there night and day.. chips/salsa/fajitas are amazing!. Today I wanted to go out to lunch and since a conversation with my daughter last week talking about cheesesteaks, I remembered there was a place over in Scottsdale OT that I've been meaning to try for 2 years.  Ok, I'm a procrastinator...

Anyway, I hopped in the truck and made the 8 mile drive and I'm glad I did.

Really great layout, good feel, I had really good conversation with Nick who was working the counter, and enjoyed a great cheesesteak and fries.

I'd probably order it with wiz next time, I had provolone today and would like to see the difference.

I'll be making this a regular stop.. Great happy hour. Great food. Great staff. Def a good choice. The Spicy Rock Shrimp App is great.  Gordon Gecko specialty roll is as well.  one of the best for sushi in scottsdale.. Fresco is a fun spot to rub shoulders with your fellow Madison sophisticates. I enjoy stopping in here for a scotch or martini before doing some less structured and well behaved drinking later on. It's also a good spot at which to stop after a show at the Overture Center.

They make sizable martinis, and they are only slightly overpriced, undoubtedly to help price out the "riff raff." The only drawbacks are that their hours are a bit unpredictable - sometimes they are open late, but other times they are closed by the time I go out.

All in all, Fresco is one of the many spots that make up a well rounded evening in downtown Madison.. I had been researching getting a new DSLR for months for shooting video and pretty much knew that the Canon 60D was what I wanted. Went to Foto Forum to see how prices were and was surprised to find that they were selling the 60D for $100 less than BH and Amazon. Also Greg the salesman took an hour to talk with me about various cameras and lenses. He has decades of photography experience and was great at giving me feedback on what I was reading online.
I bought the 60D with the 18-135 kit lens and a number of other items that will help me get started with getting serious about taking pictures and video. I hope they are around for years to come.. One of the best hotels on the strip. It is in a great location (City Center). It is smoke free and there is no casino. Because there is no casino and no smoking, they always have great deals on rooms. The rooms are very nice and have great views of Vegas. If you want to gamble or shop, you can walk out the front door and go across to Aria and Crystals. It also has access to the Belagio.. Went on a Saturday night before a comedy show at Citycenter, and the place was packed already at 6pm.  Sat at the benches that overlooked the open kitchen.  Kinda cool and the staff did a great job getting the food out fast.  Atmosphere was modern and present, similar to other Sam Fox restaurants.  Food was good, had the scallops, but for the price the portion was on the small side.. I just got back from Sauce a little while ago.  I decided I wanted to go there for my birthday dinner because it looked nice and and I saw that it was kid friendly.  So I got my housemates together (which included a nine month old boy) and we headed out.

We got there, walked in, perused the menu and ordered.  I got a chicken, pesto, and parmesan pizza.  One of my mates had the ham and pineapple and the other a mushroom creation.  Both of them said their pizzas were very good.  I had a similar opinion however I would have prefered chicken chunks rather than shredded the way they had it.  I had a nice Shiraz with my pizza which was a good decision.

I liked the location and the modern cafe ambience was very cool too.  The staff was friendly, hip, and pretty (there was a blonde hostess there that kinda got to me in a good way) .  The patrons ran the spectrum as far as what you'd expect in the heart of Scottsdale's "urban" core (I must admit I think I fell in love 3-5 times).  After we (barely) finished eating meals our little guy decided he'd had enough and made it clear.  We exploited the ideal location and went for a little walk around Old Town which was a nice way to end the outing.

(+)
Food
Location
Staff
Atmosphere

(-)
Shredded Chicken. First off, the staff where very friendly and welcoming. I felt like they cared I was there.  Quick to get extra requests and on top of what needed to be done to have an enjoyable eating experience. The food was great too. We had Local Omelets-one egg white and one with the yolks included, both were good. Thought they could of used a little more flavor and cooked less, but the mushrooms saved the day. Had french toast too. It was nice and subtle. The wonderful syrup brought out the flavors in the toast. Will definitely go back.. Good food and fast service. I'm very picky back home when it comes to pool halls - there is so much choice and getting a place which you feel comfortable in is a task in itself.

In Edinburgh however, I can think of two pool halls - a horribly run down one in the bowels of the student union and Dianes. For me, its a bit out of the way, but the actual pool tables are well kept and more importantly, rather cheap per game.

As it has already been pointed out, there is a major bias to men in this place - mostly the hairy big type, but actually, I though Dianes had a chilled and fun atmosphere. I will most certainly be coming back for the rematch against my mate.

I plan to beat him this time.. I've used Task Master carpet cleaning for years and I've always been more than satisfied. Bob is very professional and always go's  above and beyond what is expected! my carpets always look n feel like brand new when he's done and so do the carpets and seats in my vehicles. I wouldn't use anybody else to clean my carpets and recommend that everyone use Task Masters carpet cleaning. You won't be disappointed with the service and it feels good to know that there are still honest and fair companies still out there! Thank you Bob. They did good work in a timely fashion. Rocky answered all my questions about the work and did not disturb my tenant while completing the work. Thank you Rocky, great job.. That place rocks! I have eaten here many times. Best Shrimp Scampi I ever had. I come here on every Vegas visit.. Wow, die Weihnachtsdeko ist der Hammer!!!
So etwas Übertriebenes in so einem schönen Gebäude habe ich selten gesehen. Selbst die Toiletten haben einen Weihnachtsbaum


 Das ehemalige Bankgebäude läd in der sehr schönen George Street, unweit der vielleicht etwas bekannteren, jedoch weniger netten Princess Street zu einer kleinen Pause zum Verweilen ein.


 Die Preise empfand ich für den eigentlich sehr noblen Rahmen relativ günstig, Cocktails für 7 Pfund, nichts zu Meckern.


 Ich hätte mir vielleicht ein wenig mehr Auswahl gewünscht, ansonsten war es wirklich ein Erlebnis.. Delicious and a great deal (around 12 or so bucks). We added an extra shot to it and it was a great way to start off our Vegas stay.

The bartender said to avoid the red bull flavor as it tastes like a**. When I tried it, I downplayed the flavor as I didn't want to look like I absolutely loved it :P Ultimately, I opted for the pink lemonade and for whatever reason, it masked the taste of alcohol but still delivered the effects. Ask for samples before you commit to something.

This is a great alternative if you can't make your way out to Fat Tuesday (we were staying at Treasure Island so the Venetian wasn't too far away).. NY Steak was delicious. -- Aged for 5 weeks!. This is my second time at this location. And both of my visits here were phenomenal. The service here is great; everyone is polite, always looking out for you. And the food is amazing! I ordered the "BBQ, Bacon, & Cheddar" along with regular fries and a drink. First off, the burger is great, freshly made, and is the best in the area. The fries gave the burger that 'extra' flavor that was needed to complete your meal. Lastly, they had XXX Vitamin Water to add a nice healthy touch. Overall, my visit was awesome and I will be returning.. I did Arizona restaurant week menu with the wine paring. I had the salmon. It was excellent!!! Ambiance is very nice. Will definitely come back!! Want to try their pizza. Looks great too.  Very cozy place. Nice friendly staff also.. This review is based on my visit on August 7th, 2015.

I stopped by this location on the way home after not having eaten Chick-fil-A for many years! I used the drive thru, which had a very short line, likely due to the stormy weather outside. I ordered the chicken nuggets with waffle fries and got some of the Polynesian sauce on the side. I had to eat soggy and cold food once I got home, but that's no fault of the restaurant - that's my fault for picking a Chick-fil-A so far from home! The food was good, I love waffle fries! I would definitely come back here in the future.. Best pizza in AZ!! Just got back from Naples and this is right on point with my local joint Acqua Farina. Love all the small touches and perfect service. I wish they had the same access to seafood though!!. croissants were perfect,  delicious sandwiches,  really sparse menu,  had the Cuban and wife had the cajun chicken. great location,  hip,  quirky,  very pleasant service.. Holly and Tony are the best. Not only are they professional but very personal as well. It took me years to find this place. I won't be needing any other place ever again in Arizona. I'm a Hispanic with thick  dark wavy hair  and  I must say it is hard to find someone who knows how to handle thick hair. I have spent a lot of money in Tony and Guy, sports clips, and other barbers to never be satisfied and end up fixing my hair at home. 

Holly knows how to handle my hair like no other. I normally get the fade at the barber shops and with Holly I don't just only get a haircut, she adds style to it every time. She's incredible at what she does. It is comforting to know that when is time for a haircut I will get the same cut but with a different look every time. Holly has a natural talent to see the unique haircut for each individual. 

Tony adds that precision cut and rigid look in a fade. Just as a top notch barber shop but not quite as one since is a salon and blades aren't allowed. Nevertheless the look is neat and spiffy. 

This place is certainly worth the $15 I spend in each men's haircut. Great talent, good people and pleasant environment.. My top two criteria for any review are quality of food and level of service and Mikasa excels in both.  This is easily one of the better sushi places I've been to and all of the rolls we tried were outstanding.  It's definitely a little on the pricier side, but you get what you pay for.

The level of service here goes above and beyond what I would ever expect from any restaurant.  I went in with a group of coworkers, most of which are not traditionally sushi eaters.  Our waitress made the entire experience effortless by taking care of all of our ordering for us.  We agreed to let her pick out a variety of rolls, and she brought them to the table one at a time for the table to share.  The pace and variety were perfect.  She did an excellent job describing what was in each one, and each roll was delicious.  I can't remember ever getting this level of accommodation in a restaurant, and it was greatly appreciated by the entire group.

I will happily come back here again and do the same thing.. Korean BBQ sliders rock! An assortment of unique tacos are delicious too. Very friendly staff as well.. Decent food, cheap prices, somebody obviously cares about this business.  Employees seem to be happy, like working there.  Only thing is the Chicago dog wasn't authentic--no sport peppers, celery salt, the relish wasn't right.  Still tasted good nonetheless.. How could you not love a place known for strombolis? This place is a hidden gem outside of the strip that I've been wanting to go since they were on DDD.

They have a few different kinds of stromboli (and even a breakfast one!!!!). Between me and a few other people we tried a 3 of them and I have to say the meatball one is by far my favorite. We tried the beef and cheese one (or something like that) and the original one (or something like that) and the meatball was really just perfect. The small size is good for a normal person, but if you're like me, the large will do. Actually splitting a large stromboli between 2 people is the best deal. If I remember correctly, the small was around $8.95 and the large was $11.95. 

Service was pretty decent here and the food was prompt. We got a couple appetizers including cajun fries, which were basically fries in buffalo sauce...I don't really recommend this. Just get the regular fries. We also got the fried mac and cheese or whatever it was. That was awesome. I would get those if I went again.

Also if you get a beer, it comes in this ice cold mug that makes it one of the most refreshing beers. Or if you're like my sexually confused friend and want a bloody mary, they have those too. It was actually my first time trying a bloody mary and it was pretty good...note to self: don't get "buffalo-ed" when you're having one...it's not a fun drink to chug. If you don't know what "buffalo game" is, look it up.

In conclusion:
Get a large stromboli for 2 people.
Get the fried mac and cheese or whatever it was
Get a beer.
Get the meatball stromboli. Looks like I finally found my new haircut spot since moving from LA.


Cool spot, clean, friendly staff, didn't try and up-sale me on product, and gave a great haircut

at a GOOD PRICE

couldn't be happier. It's early November and I just returned from a 6 day getaway with my wife.  We selected this hotel after reading several reviews from past guests.  When we arrived we were greeted by the parking attendant who offered their assistance with true interest and not the -- I want a tip attitude.  FYI, self parking is not an option at the Platinum and quite frankly for a couple of bucks here and there, well worth it.  Checking in was a breeze with the same "how can we help your stay more enjoyable" attitude from the staff behind the counter.  This theme by hotel staff carried on throughout our stay.  Our reservations placed us on the 9th floor looking towards the strip.  The view from our room was OK at best because you are looking out over an old large vacant parking lot and towards the back of the casinos on the strip.  At night the view was much better due to the lights.  Opening our room door, you enter into the kitchen which is a full kitchen to include, fridge, stove, dishwasher, plates, glasses, etc...  What was not in the room but we soon requested were pots and pans.  We choose to make breakfast in the AM when we got up.  A bit different having a full kitchen with no cook ware, but no biggie we just called down and they gleefully sent up anything we needed.  It also includes things like dish washing soap, sponge, etc...  The kitchen counter was granite and it separated the kitchen from the living room.  The living room was also quite large which included a large flat screen TV with a sleeper sofa couch, coffee table, etc...  There is a sliding door leading to the balcony that looks towards the strip that has a table and a few chairs for sitting.  Located in a separate closet off of the kitchen/living room are the clothes washer and dryer .  It too includes the all the necessities needed for washing your clothes.  The little things like no need to get soap, sponges, detergent, fabric softener, etc... speaks volumes in being a customer service oriented facility.  I say facility versus hotel because from what I gather, some units are owned by permanent residents and others are rented like you would experience in a typical hotel encounter.  Enough of that, back to the details.  Off of the living room is a door leading to the bedroom.  The bedroom is very spacious and the bed was very comfortable.  Not some cheesy worn out mattress but a seemingly new firm mattress.  There are the typical night stands, lights, clock radio, and chairs adjacent to the bed.  The bedroom has a clothes closet with a safety deposit box.  We didn't use it but it's there for your convenience.  There's a large window that also overlooks towards the strip.  Off of the bedroom is the bathroom that comes with a large tiled shower, a large Jacuzzi tub for two, a double bowl sink, and another clothes closet that has its own hangers.  There are two doors into the bathroom, one from the bedroom and another off of the kitchen.

The hotel has a inviting restaurant/bar on the first floor that was warm and comfortable.  We ordered drinks and had a few appetizers only once during our stay.  The drinks were fine but we did complain about the shrimp ceviche they offer.  I'm a bit picky on ceviche so if you are you too, you'll be disappointed.  To their credit they were apologetic and immediately took it off our bar tab.

Located on the fifth floor is an indoor/outdoor pool with a medium sized outdoor hot tub adjacent to the outside portion of the pool.  The temperature in November was in the upper 50's/60's.  The pool has its own towels so there is no need to bring one from your room.  There is no life guard on duty so be cautious with little children.  There is plenty of comfortable seating available.  The temperature of the water was very relaxing and I'm not a cold water lover so you gauge.

All in all I would highly recommend this place and return again.  Keep in mind this is a NON-gambling hotel so if that is what you want you'll need to walk/drive to the strip for that or find another place to stay.  The hotel is located on Flamingo Rd. and the walk to Las Vegas Blvd. takes about 5 min.  From there your right smack dab in the middle of things.

Now for the bad.  The view from our room was OK.  There weren't enough towels in the room.  There were three sets.  I never asked for more but I'm sure based on past experiences they would gladly provide more.  That's it.....

p.s.

The cost of the room including tax was about:
$230 on Friday and Saturday nights
$170 on Monday, Tuesday, wednesday

Enjoy...... Excellent  pizza  . It actually took less time for the pizza to be ready than they originally told me. Came with a really good garlic dipping sauce. Takeout pie with two topping $10.80 including tax !!!!!. We went one night in Pitt and we loved it so much that we went the next day for a late brunch. I can't wait to go back!. A co-worker and I were looking for a new lunch place and were pleasantly surprised by this "Spot". Fun atmosphere, good food, and great desserts. The California burrito is definitely my favorite. And I cant leave without getting an apple streusel bar. Biggest downside is without question limited seating. All in all a fun place and recommended.. Fantastic atmosphere, food and staff. My wife and I love sushi and have eaten our way through a majority of the plethora of sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Naked Fish is the bar that we inevitably compare other sushi to.
Fresh fish, perfect sushi rice and a great selection.. Good food, bar atmosphere... What a great business.   They are raking it in.  3 steps - get a cup, choose your frozen yogurt, add toppings (lots of fresh fruit and regular old candy).   the fourth step that they forgot is paying, but it is surprising cheap unless you are. Disco like decor with mirrored ceiling and purple and pink neon lights but awesome food at a very reasonable price. Great lean pastrami sandwich, excellent buffalo chicken wrap, and the best onion rings. Huge menu selection. We stumbled upon it the first time and went out of our way to come back before we left town. Booth and counter dining and the place is jam packed.

AND, if that weren't enough, there's also a lounge with a fire pit which looks really cool.. Un café bien chouette situé sur la dynamique promenade Fleury!
Encore une découverte grâce à l'Indie Coffee Passport. 
La décoration intérieur est moderne, j'ai beaucoup aimé la disposition intérieure et aussi la grande étagère de présentation d'ustencils café et autres.
On a pu profiter d'une petite table dehors pour boore notre cappuccino, très bon par ailleurs. 
Il y a aussi de quoi grignoter sur place.. Great food. Everyone's nice. Service is fantastic. View from the patio is wicked awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone.. Love it here, best steaks and eggs ! Great for locals and the staff are awesome! I'm a regular here all the time :). This place looks awful
Food is greasy and makes me feel heavy.

So why the decent rating? the food you do get tastes awesome.
Price did go up this year, and the portion is variable.

Star taken off since some days I order and my bowl is full and sometimes it's 3/5ths full.  I often get pick-up so all the food gets mushed up together and it's very clear when portions are not the same.

I love the food and will be returning.. Really good food. I mean, like, really good. Their broasted chicken is insane. Try the spicy version. So juicy and flavorful, it's perfect. Is the crowd old? Sure. Is it a little "Scottsdale Boys Club"-ish. Yes. None of this matters when you're stuffing your face full of chicken. Very good service, too.. I have heard of this place and saw the owner on TV. I have only been twice and both times had a good experience with great food. I'll give 5 stars after I try more items like the baked goods and coffee. I've only had a soup I liked and this week ordered breakfast. OMG the biscuits and gravy with sausage were fantastic! I did not even know I liked gluten free biscuits. Nor did I know I liked a few kale chips sitting atop my perfectly cooked potatoes. Keep up the good healthy cooking cause I'll be back and will bring my biscuit and gravy loving spouse!. Dale answered the phone and was a great help. The flowers were the star of the show though. My mother was trilled with the arrangement they put together. As we all know, ordering from out of state can be a big gamble. Give the Enchanted Florist a shot. You will not be disappointed!. I have eaten here twice so far and both times had a great experience.  I can not speak for the buffet but ordering from the menu the food was very good.  Surprisingly empty both times I went so the service was great as well. 

The food was definitely a little less spicy then I was expecting but not a bad thing. I recommend the chai tea, it is fantastic.. Amazing!  Thats the best brisket I have ever had!  Moist and tender.  Ribs were great as well.  All home made, fresh ingredients.  Friendly staff!. I like the simplicity of the pizza and the feel of the place. The pizzas are satisfying with good flavor. Ive tried various red and white pizzas though I have no paticular suggestion. Go with what sounds good. Hands down. Best Thai in Charlotte. I brought family from out of town here for a quick lunch, they were blown away with everything; food, quality, quantity, service, price, etc. 

I've been here prob a dozen times so far. Panang Curry (level 3 or 4) best curry I have ever had. Spice and flavor is perfect.  I only wish they weren't closed from 3-5pm cause that always seems like when I am near there and craving Thai.. Phenomenal dinner with my pops during our vacation to Scottsdale for Spring Training. The food isn't cheap, but what good steakhouse is? The service was first class from start to finish and I wouldn't hesitate to go again.. Before I moved to PHX it was lays my favorite airport to move through.

Great shopping and food options before passing through TSA.. Had an iPod Touch 3g with a cracked screen.  I  found these guys on Yelp and called them a few days before I actually went in. They were quick to answer the phone, courteous, friendly, and told me the truth in regards to cost and whether or not they had the replacement parts in stock.  He didn't know because the guy who does the ipods was out to lunch.  So I called back a few days later and was told the same information regarding cost and I heard them checking in the background to confirim they had a screen in stock.  I went in and left my ipod there. Since they had other jobs, they asked me to come back in a few hours. I got a repair estimate copy and left.  I came back a few hours later and the screen had been replaced. They even charged the ipod, put a temporary screen protector on it, and they also straightened out the metal casing on the side where the volume button is. It had a little "bump" on it due to it being dropped.  I figued they had to make the screen fit perfectly.  I wasn't charged extra.  In person, they were professional and courteous.  I would recommend them.  THANKS!. This location usually has a wait during peak hours, but that is because it's tasty and worth the wait. I have never had anything that I didn't like. I have tried the Pablo Picasso Mexican salad, which has a really nice chipotle dressing. I have also had their artichoke dip, which is HUGE, and pretty good.

I think my favorite thing is their Italian Gold wings, it has a GREAT honey mustard sauce and there are never any stingy wings. Also great waffles fries. They have a ton of options for pizza styles too, I have never got one that I didn't enjoy.. Free breakfast with alcohol purchase on weekends and you get a lot! On a good hangover day come to Jimbos and relieve the pain and discomfort.

5 dollar drafts (Huge) and you get hash browns , eggs, bacon, sausage, and toast... Enough said! I'm a happy customer.

They don't skimp on the breakfast either, its unlimited and you can keep asking for more. The waitress' will accommodate for they are surprisingly pleasant when it is PACKED on Sunday morning. 

They also have many TVs on the wall for those Sunday morning games .. I came here with my girlfriend to get 2 new phones. We were helped Promptly by a first person. He said, let me get someone who can help you better,that  knows more about what you want.     We were given a fabulous girl who helped us both with all of our needs. We got 2 new phones and everything switched over and out the door in less than 30 min.  We were very happy and on our way home in no time. Why the 4 stars, when i got home i found my contacts were not put on the new phone. I am sure it was a simple mistake but, now i have to waste time going back. But, i am still happy.. The chile rellano and taquitos were excellent in strip mall ambiance!. my first visit. New to the area. Found them on yelp and my dental plan site. Was pleased with what I saw. Was very satisfied with my visit. X-rays, cleaning, the works  and all done very professionally. Dr Allred was very attentive. I was very comfortable with him and his staff.. I am not a big fan of Italian food but we were driving around running errands and hungry and spotted the place.  Seated immediately and given bread which I understand is baked on the premises and tastes great.  We had the flank steak and Italian sandwiches which were good.  I got a Caesar salad also good.  Priced fair.  Server very polite.  Manager came by and checked on us. As I read other reviews from 1 to 5 I have to give the place a "5" as it is good as it gets.  No negatives with our experience.. Best supermarket in history!!. We decided to do the brunch on Thanksgiving Day. Turned out to be a great choice. We had a table with a great view of the valley. The food was superb. Best prime rib at a buffet I've ever had. Great shrimp and snow crab claws. Service was excellent. Definitely recommend DPOV for special events.. Service is great. Not a single complaint about Michael, our waiter. a lot of thought obviously went into every aspect of the restaurant. The food is excellent. The only knock on the place is that most dishes have a citrus base, and its a bit much by the end of the meal. 

Crispy brussel sprouts are excellent. Hamachi kama could be one of the best one ever had. Sushi rolls and nigiri is fresh and well presented. We have been watching the chef plate dishes, and we love seeing the patience and pride that goes into each plate. Soups are clearly made in house, with subtle flavors. 

Give yourself time here. The pace is slow, but well worth it.. 200+ tequilas, one of the only places for cochinita pibil, and amazing tableside guacamole with pomegranate seeds. 

This restaurant is amazing. Don't go here if you are one of those schmucks looking for a chimichanga with rice and beans all topped with red sauce and cheese. This is real Mexican food, not some American creation that the bible belt thinks is Mexican. I've actually heard people say this place doesn't serve Mexican food, where are the enchiladas, chimichangas, etc. Go to school!

I've eaten cochinita pibil just about everywhere that serves it, and I've made it on my own. This place does it WELL! The atmosphere is interesting and fun, but the place can get really really really busy.

Go early and enjoy, and sunday brunch is great as well with live music.. Excellent sushi.  The service and quality of fish are excellent.  The owner Naka, works the bar all day everyday.  He also personally picks out the fish.  If you like quality sushi at a great price you need to try this place.. Me and the Misses were craving a burger and fries! We were staying at PH and stopped by Gordon Ramsay's Bugr but holy cow (no pun intended!)...that line and wait time for a juicy beef burger was super long!

Whipped out the Yelp app, and saw some bomb ratings for Holsteins right across the walkway bridge at the Cosmo. Conveniently located on the 2nd floor by Marquee, it was super easy to find and we were seated within 15 minutes.

Decor is super interesting! Looks modern but if you have a fear of cows, stay away haha. Lots of cartoonish cows everywhere! 

Burgers were a little under $20 each which isn't bad considering it's the Cosmo! The wifey had the GOLD STANDARD BURGER. This thing was fully loaded with bacon, arugala, tomato confit, and a garlic sauce. I went a little bit out of bounds and got the RISING SUN BURGER...kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, and a piece of avocado tempura!

Not the best burger I EVER had, but it was super solid and tasty. My only complaint were that the fries and onion rings tasted like generic frozen ones...but they were included with the burger, while most places charge for fries separately.

I'd come back...especially if I'm staying at Cosmo!. B&B has been helping me with my pool needs for over 20 years.  No matter how big or small my need, every single person I have ever worked with has been a complete expert.  This is not some corporate franchise. This is a real deal knowledgeable small business that cares.  They won't sell you something you don't need. Never had issues with any of their people in the field either, whether replacing my filter or troubleshooting my wiring.. After hearing about Rollin Smoke from one of their employees, Dusty, that came into my shop to get a tire replaced, my wife and I decided to give it a try. Being someone who barbecues and smokes a great deal, I was a bit skeptical since other "bbq" joints we've tried just never measured up. I am happy to say this one did. We both had a three meat combo, with both of us having the pulled pork and brisket. My wife went with the spare ribs and I had the hot link for our third meat. We both found the brisket to be moist and tender with a great flavor and just the right amount of smoke. The pulled pork was moist and tender as well, though it could have used a bit more smoke and maybe some bite to it, more of a personal preference though. Fpr the sides my wife had the waffle fries which were good, but it's hard to screw up fires. I went with the bacon potato salad which was excellent, I also got an order of the corn nuggets which were nothing short of Oh my God good. Though it is a bit of a drive from where we live, we will be back.  To Dusty and the rest of the folks at Rollin Smoke, thanks for giving Vegas good bbq.. These guys do a great job! Unfortunately, I've needed my screen replaced twice in the last two months. They were prompt, polite and professional. Thanks!. Do not judge a book by its cover! This "off the beaten path" divey looking place has the best Mexican seafood I've ever eaten. Walking in I was unsure of what to expect. The trepidation immediately ended when the very friendly and attentive waiter brought out the agua chilies we ordered. Amazing flavor and very fresh. seafood that you wouldn't imagine you'd find in the desert. We also ordered the small parrillada and it was amazing! I was a bit surprised to see that this place had all 5 star reviews and wanted to see if it was true and let me tell you that 5 stars does not do it justice! I'll be back!. Had the chicken breast kabob and garlic naan. So good! Everything was well cooked, seasoned and delicious. Loved the red pepper-habañero and cilantro-jalapeño chutneys too. Definitely coming back.. Great little sushi bar! Love the small, relaxed atmosphere. The sushi really was very good. The girlfriend and I split a few special rolls and left full. They currently have a deal of buy two special rolls and get the third free. 

No, it doesn't have AYCE  nor do they have a happy hour. Not every sushi bar in Las Vegas needs to be AYCE!

It is fairly average-priced for a sushi bar, but the quality certainly appeared to be excellent.

We spent roughly $40 for four large rolls and hot tea (before tip). Roughly $10 less than AYCE - but we still left full and it was better quality than most AYCE places.. This is a great bar. Their terrace is an excellent place to have a beer (if you are lucky enough to get a seat). Their brews are good---in particular, I like their saison. I've seen people get pitchers, which is not explicitly on the outside menu.. I've been going to Lindo Michooacan La Loma for years, actually it's become a part of my family go-to spot for Mexican food. Aside from the beautiful view of the city you can see from the restaurant, lots of fond memories with friends and family have happened there.  

I must have eaten everything on the menu at least once, but if I had to pick a few items I like the most its the "Chile Verde De Marrano", "Pollo Rebeca" and "Tora ala Coca-Cola" all very delicious.
 
Service is great!! I've never experienced a problem even on busy days, they are attentive and are a courteous staff. In fact, one of the bartenders her name is Erica became a friend of mine. She's very cool, knowledgeable and a good person to have a chat.   

All in all I recommend this place!. I've been here roughly twice a week for about three years now.  The service is excellent, the food is great, the portions are huge, and the pricing is very fair.  One of only about three places in the city that knows how to cook chicken wings properly.  Great place to go!. Typical pj changes but huge. We waited forever in line. It was almost ridiculous. I had to go for a work adventure but everyone liked the food and the service was great. The servers are trained well here. 

We shared just about everything so I would have to say the food was really good. By far the best burgers in Mount Holly!   Cowboy pickles (dill) and Cowgirl pickles (sweet) are awesome.   The renovation has added plenty of room.   Try the grilled pimento cheese sandwich also, out of this world!. If you're in the area and want a low-key, low-cost, delicious offering, stop in. The pel'menis (a cross between perogis and dumplings).

If you like meat, don't waste your time getting the potato/combo. The meat is great. 

If you also don't want to have to choose anything, there's only meat and potato. They make it easy for you. Treat yourself and order some.. I give this place 4 stars base on value and selection. While it's not perfection like the other more expensive places, mid tier price  for a average dinner was good. Selection was great, lots to choose from, multiple selections of soups, and the usual prime rib, crab legs, and shrimp was above average. the desert bar could do with more selections. But good stable quality over the years.. Awesome pizza smothered and covered with cheese and cut in squares. A great chow down place for a cold beer and wings too!! Can't beat a local favorite!

Romans Trifecta- First, piping hot fried zucchini followed by hot and spicy traditional wings eaten together with a fresh hot Chads special pizza and washed down with a pint. I fell in love with my wife a little more that night after our dinner. 

Thanks Dells!. I am surprised by the other reviews. We got a Calzone and it was very good. The pizza on the buffet looked fine and fresh although not anything outstanding. 

They do have very good lunch specials although we seem to have been charged more for carry out. Still a fine deal though.. These bagels are great! Its been awhile since some thing tasted like NY,but this guy has got it going on.Breakfast sammie's are fantastic.Well worth the drive.. This place is right across from the US Airway arena. Drove to downtown Phoenix pulled up Yelp and was like this place looks good lets go there. 

Nice sports bar vibe. Check the pictures and menu trying to figure out what I was going to get. Two things kept showing up. The hot soft pretzels with provolone fondue, salted caramel pudding and the Sweet potato tortelli. 

I figured one out of three isn't bad so I decide yes on the pretzels and picked the fish and chips for lunch. 

I tried to fight it. I'll be damn if the pretzels are really good. I figured it would be good but not like everyone was saying but after eating 4 without even noticing I have to admit they are really delicious . 

Fish and chips are cool and the fries were tasty. The fish being halibut is a bit too buttery for me. I think a whiting would have been better or something a tad bit stronger tasting. 

Next time I return I will get the Tortelli and dessert and if they are as good as everyone say I will upgrade them to 5 stars.. Some friends and I went to Montreal for a weekend, and decided to walk around near our hostel to find a place to eat. Less then a ten minute walk away we found Ye Olde Orchard Pub, and it was exactly what we wanted. It was different than most places we would have gone to in America, the food was great and the waiters were so nice. We mentioned it was my friends 19th birthday expecting a piece of cake, and we got a special drink complete with rules and a name I shouldn't mention. The waiter overheard us talking about where to go that night and came right up to us and suggested about five different bars and clubs we should go to, some of which ended up being the best parts of the night. We couldn't resist going back there the next morning and the breakfast was just as good as the dinner. I would recommend it for anyone but especially if you're a group of traveling students like we were its a great place to go. If we ever go to Montreal again it will be first on our list.. Sunday Brunch delicious! Stopped in to try this and noted they were busy but not overwhelmed.  Was panhandled at the door by a woman ion distress?  Story was a variation that I had hearts before from different people.  I just look like a sucker I suppose!?  Anyway the service is very good.  Breads were dropped off with a variety of flavored butters.  My server explained the specials to me and my choices were made.  I chose the Cabbage rolls stuffed with a variety of meats and then off to the Antipasti buffet.  Great fresh Caesar Salad and some quiche for beginnings.  Tried some marinated mushroom s and olives.  My server checked on my progress and when I was ready they brought my entrée.  Delicious to a T!  Then for a short visit to the Dessert Bar scrumptious Tira Misu and other delectable tempting confections.  My meal was priced just right for there quality and taste.. tom yum soup = awesome (cures both jetlag & a cold).  good service.  good as takeout.  BYOB.. the wife treated myself and her sister to another great meal at green restaurant tonight. i opted for the lemon pesto with house tofu, pan fried noodles. it was again, quite delectable. the pesto was plentiful and the tofu soaked that goodness right up. we again opted for the buffalo wings and i am always impressed at how damn good they taste! 
always a great food treat!. Best place to come have drinks and smoke. Great Djs music has an area to dance recommend this place to anyone wanting to have a fun night out in Vegas. John showed up right on time for my appointment and was great to work with. He checked out the house, including the crawl space, thoroughly for termite tubes. He quickly assessed the problem and explained options carefully. John was able to treat right away, and completed the job in the time promised. When he was done, there were no signs of the critters or the trench that he dug for the treatment. It was as if there never had been a problem. The cost was reasonable, and the work guaranteed. If I encounter other pests in the future, I would definitely call John again.. I love how they keep things simple. 

Their carne asada tacos are some of the most authentic tacos I have had outside out of Mexico. 

If you go late at night, make sure to get your food before 2 am or you're in for a long wait. It's that good. This place just opened up three weeks ago and man it is great.  Don't be too intimidated by the place because they are still fixing it up.  Its best described as a start up sports bar.  The prices are pretty good for a new place.  It sits right on the corner of 83rd ave and has a little dirt lot outside.  

We got the hot wings which were very good.  The sauce is homemade with a kind of smoky/southwest spicy taste to them.   They were very good!  The bar serves drinks that are tall or short.  The drinks were pretty good too.  Bartender very knowledgeable.  The staff is very friendly they have plenty of hopes for this place.  My only complaint is the crowd.  While I was told that this place will start to have a DJ and Live band it seems like the crowd here is very diverse like it is fighting as to what type of people will take over this bar and grill.  If you are heading to westgate this is a great pre drink spot as the drinks are very cheap!  

I would recommend this spot to anyone wanting to try a new bar and see the hard work and effort it takes.  This is a great place and has plenty of potential to be awesome.  Check it out its worth at least one drink.. The best Vietnamese restaurant in Scottsdale.  Great Spring Rolls, Bun Ga and Pho Ga.. Perfect location, having dinner next to the eiffel's and watching the Bellagios Fountain performance was such a nice experience. Same level the quality of the food has. Nice and gentle stuff... I can't say nothing but good thing about.. I get a kick out of all the hipsters here.  Their pork belly sliders were amazing!  I also enjoyed a coffee drink with whiskey.  I wish their TV over the bar was a little better so I could watch the Suns game more clearly.. Hip japanese resto in Tempe. Good, vibrant ambience & crowd. Mostly college students flock here. Vegas roll didn't look as fancy as RA's but it is soooo good. It was a pleasant surprise being served w a small plate of edamame while we wait for our appetizers. The pretty Asian server we had (i didn't get her name) was genuinely friendly & accommodating. The Philadelphia roll was fantastic. The only thing negative was my boyfriend had a cooked dish of, I think beef, but they piled it up w so much greens on his plate & only small slices of the meat. As much as I enjoyed my rolls, I don't think he did on his food. He doesn't eat raw fish but he took me there bec I love sushi. I didn't see bento boxes. But I know this place serves cooked asian dishes too. We will be back for the rolls. Promise:). The wife wasn't hungry so it basically became a 'stop for a pint' adventure at the bar. It ended up a 4 pint long stay mainly because they had the best bartender we've had in 11 days in Nevada. RAY RAY. He kept topping up my wife's orange juice and giving me large free samples of beers I was curious about. I would definitely eat there next time. Wish the place was closer.. The margaritas here a ton better than the ones that I drank at On The Border, I really prefer a spanish person to make my margarita rather than a gringo who looks like he has been working the bar for less than a week.  The shrimp fajitas here were great, the shrimp were huge.  It didn't taste too Americanized like a lot of the Mexican places in Charlotte.  I would like to come back, the only problem was that I prefer to have the tails pulled off my shrimp when I order fajitas.. So I had a broken iPhone 3GS sitting in my backpack for the last 3 or 4 months.  Daughter's phone, used mostly as an Ipod Touch instead of a phone, so it wasn't really a big deal how long it sat in the bag.  However, I finally decided today was the day to get it fixed.  I did a search for "Vegas Iphone Repair" and found a Yelp review of another company nearer to my home.  The first reviews were great, but towards the end of the page, they didn't look so hot.

One of the reviews stated they got screwed by this other company as the guy didn't know how to fix it.  The customer ended up going to Desert Wireless.  I looked up DW and they were just down the street from the Strip where I work.  I called them up and got a price and time ($30 to replace glass and 15 minutes).  They even had a coupon on their Yelp page for $5 off of service.

By the time I got down there, there was a bit of a line.  The tech's were quick to get to me and stated at first, 50 minutes.  As I filled out paper work and showed coupon, it suddenly became 15 minutes, which was great! I took a seat and hung out.  About 15 minutes later, there was the iPhone with a perfect screen.  Yay!  I also picked up two cases for the other 3GS' I have and they even used the $5 off coupon for them (so instead of $10 each they were $7.50 each!)

All was good as I walked away.  When I got in the car, I found that silicone had leaked out into the screen (a little piece, like fabric).  I immediately walked back up to the store and showed the tech who'd repaired it.  He said no problem, took 5 minutes and fixed it right up.  Looks and works great!

Thanks Desert Wireless!

(Notes: They are on second floor in a relatively unmarked two story office building.  They are basically on the far NE corner of the complex looking at it from the street. Once inside the building, its easy to see them as they have a lot of signage on their windows). Amazing! 
I hadn't gone to the dentist in a very long time out of fear, until I had a dental emergency.  After my initial visit, which solved my problem I continued to go back and see Dr. Nelson.  He and the staff took the time to explain EVERYTHING to me before it happened, ran numbers by me prior to pulling out any tools, and showed real respect for me and my anxiety at every turn.  

I'm such a fan (and no longer afraid of the dentist) that I will be driving back from California just for my dentist.. One of the best frozen custard I've tasted. Whenever we go, I always get vanilla or chocolate sans any toppings to fully enjoy the taste, creamy texture and richness of the custard. There are several different flavors available any given time, if you want to make sure what they are, visit their website first to see what's served up that day (http://www.luvitfrozencustard.com/flavors.htm). Visiting the place is an experience itself, a hop away from the Stratosphere, the location is ghetto but frequented by cops (and prolly strippers on break). One summer evening visit, the entire Vegas SWAT team was there! Luv-It lives up to the raves patrons give it, it definitely tastes good and the location has this unique and inexplicable charm.. I have a huge tattoo on my back that I have been trying to get off for a couple of years. Nothing was working really, and all I did was going to different laser specialists. It was not until I came here that I really saw extremely good results. I think it has something to do with the machine they use; it just errases everything really fast. 

I am extremely satisfied with this place, and the people there not only treat you very well, but also they know what they are doing. What's different about this place is that the doctors know all the science about laser tattoo removal, they are professionals, and most importantly, they honestly care about their clients. 

I strongly recommend this place to remove your tattoo.. What's better than pho after staying out until 4 am partying your brains out? Not only that but you're partying in VEGAS! Pho Kim Long is literally the biggest pho restaurant I've ever seen. The line can build up, so be prepared for that.

Pho Tai ($7.75)
Awesome broth!! Noodles and rare steak are great, but I HIGHLY recommend adding meatballs to any pho you get. Probably the best meatball in pho I've had.

Egg Rolls ($6.50)
How can you order pho without egg rolls. I recommend the egg rolls as well. Nice little appetizer before your hangover meal.

Next time after partying at Marquee or Hakkasan, I'm coming here the morning after.. The best Indian/ Pakistani restaurant in eastern Canada. Complimentary valet but get there early. Great craft beer selection as well as creative cocktail menu. Ping pong and corn-toss my favorites. Bar staff has been great every time we've been in. Appetizers are all awesome, pretty good burgers too.. What a great restaurant with authentic German food! We arrived Sunday night at 7:30 and the parking lot was pretty full, a good sign. Overall the food was fantastic, flavorful, delicious and served just right. We enjoyed the pretzel rolls with our entrees of schnitzel and rouladen, just authentic German food. The inside decor was fitting, not overdone but comfortable and spot on. The service was attentive and friendly. As out of town visitors we were very pleased to find the Waldhorn, and plan to visit again.. Amazing burger spot just off the strip in Vegas. Brief highlights of what I ate- 

Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- The chili is the best part of this dish, got a decent little kick and melds well with the cheese and fries. The runny egg yolk on the top was also a great touch. Fries were cooked well enough to withstand the barrage of liquid from the other toppings. Our group destroyed these fries pretty quickly

Miyagi-san's burger- Great burger. The bacon/egg/onion ring combo is a classic set of burger toppings, but this burger took it to another level. Great quality ingredients that were combined very well. 

All in all, this place blew me away. After trying one of the traditional burgers, I'm even more excited to come back and try the build your own burger option.. This is a nice park.  A bit set away from the happening strip.  Taxi fare if you don't have a car is maybe $30-$40 to the Mirage area. I stayed with friends and would have wanted to let them relax at the park while I went back to the strip, but with the cost, I passed.  They have a general store that had the basic's, however no Beer or wine sold.  They have 2 pools one for Adults and one for Families. I don't know if the Europeans could read the signs as there was a couple of instances where they would bring in their kids to the adult pool.  The bathrooms were clean with and each individual suite had the bathroom and shower.  The dog park was nice for those with canines.  If you have dogs, you might want to ask for a space close to that.  Also some spaces have tree's that might restrict your use of your awning.. Pretty dang good Mexican food at a decent price.  The food is consistent and you always know what to expect.  As long as there isn't a line it's pretty fast since the food is made similar to Subway's assembly line of pre made foods.  I pretty much just always get the pork salad but their other stuff is pretty good too.. I will just briefly add to the chorus of positive reviews. I went on Cinco de Mayo, and even though they had a crowd, the service was quick and friendly. I had a taco with lengua, and enchiladas de mole. Both excellent.. Clean and easy. 

Based on all the reviews it seems that this place is a mixed bag. I, for one, was pleasantly surprised. The eating area is clean with a nice layout. The service was quick and pleasant.  

I ordered a big burrito that featured a BBQ sauce. Can't remember the name, but it had a lot of flavor. The ingredients were very fresh and the tortilla was literally bursting at the seams with meat, rice, beans, veggies and sauce. 

I don't care about the Chipotle vs. The World debate. It is what it is. The quality of the food at Qdoba stands on its own and that's all that matters.

They really should have a salsa bar though.. Went here yesterday.  Attentive service, drinks were great, nice bar scene.  The greens and beans are excellent.  I also had the meatball and Ricotta flatbread, superb.  The meatballs are awesome, make sure you try a few.  

I will be back.. Frank is the man!  I saved about about $500/yr on my personal car/house policy.. WONDERFUL!!!! Dr. Martin is a true artist when it comes to cosmetic surgery. He is obviously gifted and loves what he does. Dr. Martin is personable, supportive, and he has a winning personality. His staff is top notch! From the first visit to follow ups, Estetica has been consistent in all that they do!  I absolutely LOVE the work he did on me and i am very confident you will too!!. I have been to this food truck only one time, but was very impressed with the quality of the food and friendliness of the staff.  We were lucky to be first in line for our visit because shortly after they opened there were more than twenty people waiting. The Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were a great and inventive vegetarian option.. Loved the space. Huge PURE makes one wall. The service was great. Casual but helpful. Went with their suggestion on some drinks and rolls and loved them all. More action later in the night for sure.. Ever feel like donning a fedora and walking into an establishment where you could truly feel like Don Draper from Mad Men?  That is the Tornado Club Steak House.

My wife and I went there for the first time a few weeks ago on our anniversary.  While we waited for our table to be ready, we sat at the bar, which had the look and feel of a place that hadn't been touched since 1963.  Unlike a gross, greasy-spoon diner, this is not a bad thing.  It felt very classy and made for a great atmosphere.  

Now, my go to cocktail is a simple Jameson on the rocks.  At a place like this I was prepared to pay $8-9.  Not so.  Instead, a more reasonable $5 price.  Impressive!  They also have a wide variety of martinis that I wasn't brave enough to try this night, but hope to soon.

As for the food?  Let's put it this way:  My wife, a filet mignon connoisseur, found the Tornado Club Steak House's far tastier than the uppest-scale member's only dinner clubs in Chicago we've been invited to.  It was very well seasoned and cooked to my wife's exact specification.  I had the salmon, which I'll admit was probably the best salmon I've ever had.  Again, perfect seasonings and cooked perfectly.  I have never been to a place that had a side for dinner of shredded hash browns.  Not only was this a smart choice for a side, but they give you practically a pound of potatoes, all well-seasoned.  Plenty of leftovers that re-heated perfectly with the next day's breakfast.

Word of caution:  Make your reservations early.  Calling even a day or two in advance will get you a Saturday night reservation of either 5:30 or 8:30.  Being the parents of small children, 8:30 would near our bedtimes.   Also, the deliciousness isn't cheap.  Prepare for a hefty bill.  Not "oh my god I have to mortgage my house" expensive, but it's going to cost more than your average dinner at Chili's.  But fear not, you definitely get what you pay for.

I definitely look forward to donning my fedora next time I come in, even if but for a drink.. It was a hard sell for me since my favorite Mexican spot is right down the street, but Both of my stops here have been great and I will definitely be coming back for more. 

The staff is extremely friendly, the food has tons of flavor, great portions, and the cheese sauce and spicy onions are ridiculous.. Eccellente!!! A bona-fide family run Italliano ristorante that is a "MUST" for anyone in the east valley craving Italliano food. 

We ate here last night with my folks whom had been here previously and highly recommended it. The service was very good, but expect it to be a tad on the slow side. This is quite normal over in Italy, so expect it here as the owners are themselves from Italy, and enjoy the great aroma coming from the kitchen as you anticpate a delicious meal arriving at your table. Our server, Carmen was great, the food was absolutely amazing, and the owners even came by to chat us up exuding a great vibe and making us feel very welcome.

We can't wait to go back!. In this past year, my choice of eating out has been geared around some healthier alternatives.  Having had my fill of many a documentary from  Forks Over Knives, Fat Sick and Nearly Dead, Vegucated, Food Inc, etc... I did take the plunge and moved to a vegan diet in Oct. of 2011.  I have to say, giving up meat and dairy was not easy, but it did provide a huge benefit.  The end result, I felt great.  Energized in both mind and body, sleeping was restful, and waking up in the morning was a breeze, losing the extra weight was a plus.  I suggest everyone try it at least once.

Getting to the point, had I tried Rubs back then, I believe my attempt on the path to better health may have been greatly obstructed.  This place is really that good when it come to true smoked BBQ.  Don't be fooled by the fakes out there attempting to pass off some boiled ribs or meat doused in a lot of commercial BBQ sauces that are bought by the gallon. Give up the notion that a place like Baton Rouge, Montana's, Bar-B-Barn or Houston's actually serves edible food, they simply don't! Ergo it is for years that I have avoided them at all cost, and to this day I would rather go hungry.

That being said, my experience with Le Fumoir Rubs only began because some good friends from far out of town were asking to go out for some ribs.  When I heard the foul words "Baton Rouge" come out over my phone as a suggestion, I simply shuddered and asked that he call me back in 5 minutes.  Low and behold, many a yelper helped steer me towards the light or in this case the smoke that is Le Fumoir Rubs, whereas eight of us experienced for the first time a true blue BBQ place in Montreal. Le Fumoir Rubs, made sacrificing  vegan-ism worth it for at least a few hours before I embark back on my path to healthy eating.

End result, yes it was a cheat, and a big one at that (there have been a few over the year, Icehouse for one could not be resisted), be it as it may, guilt ridden and all, the food and service here is well worth it.  Temptation won out only because of the quality of this meaty, succulent and smokey fare, but I do believe it helps that no one else (so far in my now limited experience) does BBQ so well in this city. 

Now pass the humus, and throw me a few felafels, Aux Vivres get me a table ready, I'll be back soon, that is New Years resolution my body aches to uphold.. Simply put, this is the best sushi I have ever had. I sat at the bar and had a very attentive waitress. I had the chirarshi (sashimi chef's choice) and a rainbow roll, and it was fantastic. Prices are fairly standard; they're not overpriced, but the quality was top notch.
I could go on and on, but just go there and try it. Blu's food will speak for itself.
After reading a few other comments, I will add that the menu clearly states that the primary krabmeat available is imitation but crab can be substituted for real crabmeat for (if I remember correctly) 2 dollars extra.. Visiting from out of town. Although we live near a Jason's deli, I have never eaten at one. I had the "special" pot roast and provolone on French bread. It was outstanding. Reduced by one star based upon the limited guidance provided by the waitress when asking what food was good. I was also not asked if I preferred baked vs regular chips (I would have preferred the former but received the latter).. While some of the pieces are obviously pre-made and maybe even frozen, the majority of the dim sum is darn good. Is it "Dim Sum a Go-Go" in NYC good? No, but this is Charlotte, so come on people. The char siu bow is awesome and only available on weekends, as are the other baked items.

We were there on a Sunday around noon, and it filled up quickly, but the carts were moving the entire time and we didn't have to wait for our favorites to make their way around.

The menu items looked really good as they were being delivered to the tables around us--not your typical Americanized deep fried stuff. I'll be going back for sure.. I had been wanting to try this place out since I first got to Charlotte so when I saw they were participating in restaurant week I made a reservation right away ($30 for a 3 courses). We came here last Saturday night with our friend Paul who had never been here before either. 

While RW can sometimes take away from the experience certain restaurants would typically provide, it's a great opportunity to see what the restaurant might be all about without walking out of there with a $200 tab. What it really comes down to at a place like Carpe Diem, $30 would typically get you just an entrée. So you can look at it however you would like, but pretty much just tell myself that I get a free appetizer and desert with my meal.

All 3 of us participated in the 3 for $30 - However, since they were offer their full menu as well, we started our meal by sharing the seared rare tuna as well as the steamed mussels. Both were VERY good. 

I then had the potato soup. It had a little bit of truffle oil and what they call "duck bacon". Paul and I both agreed that there is only one type of bacon in this world and it comes from animal that goes "oink oink" haha. With that said, the soup was tasty and of course I inhaled the entire thing. I then had the pork chop - I would have to say this this was just average. However the mashed dumpling squash that came with it was very very good. It might have been the highlight of the entire entrée. I had a bite of the hanger steak as well as the fried chicken and those were both delicious. Of the 3 entrees that came out I would say the pork chop came in last place. 

For dessert I had the coffee crème brulee. For my liking, the top was a little over cooked/torched - I really had to press down to break it with my spoon - but I didn't mind it. The custard was delicious so it kind of makes up for it.

Since meeting Paul, he's been really teaching us a whole lot when it come to wine. There's a reason why he's the "wine guy". He's picked up on the types that we like and brought a GREAT bottle of wine to dinner for all of us to enjoy (THANKS PAUL!!) Overall, I had a great evening and I got to enjoy CD with GREAT COMPANY. 

I can't wait to come back and try this place again!. Delicious. I would get a touch less sauce and a bit more cheese next time but the crust is great and he service is spot on. 

Two tips for the owner: teach the guys how to push the sauce out from the center of the pizza so that it is even... And I would love to see Frank's Red Hot Sauce next time I come. Easy fixes. Good joint. Try it tonight.. Make sure you tell Jay that you saw the Action Fast Lube ratings on Yelp. Didn't see a $25 dollar oil change option,  I got the 5,000 miles oil , new filter, fluids check and tire pressure set to my requested setting for $47.00. Was in & out in under 25 minutes. Can't beat that. See you guys in Oct.. Dim Sum is awesome.  Service is super fast, five plates on the table within 2 minutes of seating.  Hidden gem.. Little bit of a wait and a little spendy, but we'll worth it. Great barbers, very professional and good at their craft. My son and I will be back.. Great Service, Great Price, Friendly and helpful knowledgeable people. Id use this company anytime ! They got rid of my pigeons !. We brought my wife's wedding ring in to get it resized.  She didn't want to part with her diamond overnight.  Rudy took her ring and resized it a size bigger while we waited.  We went to his store based on the Yelp reviews and we couldn't be happier.  The resize did take some time, but we were in and out in about 45 minutes.  He noticed that the prongs holding the diamond were not secure on one of the sides and he took care of that as well.  He was thorough and meticulous. I was impressed by his workmanship and the fact that we could watch the whole process.. I find myself getting lost inside the Forum Shops, and not on accident either. There is a great selection of high end retail...which is fine by me since Vegas is not an everyday thing for me. Why not live it up a bit while I am here?

Aside from the cheesy shows that happen inside (which everyone should see at least once), the Forum Shops provides every shopoholic with their drug of choice...from clothing, to jewelry, to sports memorabilia (including Pete Rose on the weekends). 

The Forum Shops also has dining options, though nothing out of the ordinary. Much better than mall food, but no better than your basic run of the mill chain restaurant, it provides good options if you find yourself unable to leave the endless run of stores.. The first time I walked into InTouch I was greeted by the very helpful, friendly staff. I was in a lot of pain and could not even stand straight. I came in because of the free consultation and to try the spinal decompression. I left their offices with a smile on my face and could walk like a normal person for the first time in a while. 
Dr. Diana, Dr. Pisano, Danny, and the whole staff are positive and helpful, always looking out for my health and comfort. I have a little ways to go to totally heal my body and am glad I stopped by InTouch for help. It was one of the best decisions I had made.. Great pizza, better pizza cookie.. I was very impressed. The outside didn't suggested very much but the service and food was very good. My whole family enjoyed it. I will definitely be going back and telling my friends about it. The price was very reasonable, and the food sizes were decent.. I left a previous review for the same place under the previous name of the business. Went back for a second time and everything was great again. Can't beat a gyro, fries, and drink for 5 bucks. Leave full and happy every time. Please keep this special and I will be a regular here along with the guys I work with.. This is a great local Greek Restaurant. The owner is a really nice guy and makes sure you feel at home. The food reminds me of the cuisine I recall in the Tavernas of Poros and Hydra. I was here on business and would be a regular if I lived here.. Employees a few years ago were wonderful, friendly.  Staff has changed and the new manager was extremely rude.  Went back a few weeks ago and seems like things have turned around (thank goodness this is very close to my house).  Managers are wonderful and the staff great now.. This place is the real deal! Great food, great sauces, friendly service!!!. Got a good haircut, everything was nice and even. No extraneous hairs here and there. They took my sideburns up a little higher than I would have liked but that was probably at least partially due to my poor instructions. Friendly staff, and got in and out. For $11.25, which is less than the chains typically charge, I got a better haircut, so, it's kinda hard to bitch.. We just moved to the area and see them in the neighborhood all the time. So we thought we would give them a shot. I'm glad we did great pizza and good the next day reheated!. Tradicionnes rocks.  Sure it has some compromises, but I consider them compromises in the name of authenticity.  The things that make it rock is core mexican food that is absolutely awesome, a couple of mole dishes that rock the casbah, and a physical building that makes it feel like you're in downtown San Antonio.  The service is usually good, especially for Sunday lunches when we usually come here and order from the menu.  Chips are always refreshed, and the tea stays full.  My one pet peeve is that we never get silverware if we sit on the porch.  It's hilariously consistent!

But I stopped in this Sunday, and it was closed.  Bummer.  I called tonight, and there is no answer.  Double bummer.  Are you open Tradicionnes, or have you left us?. Pour un excellent sandwich salami et Bologne, je vous recommande vivement ce restaurant. Un décor des années 30, on a vraiment l'impression de remonter dans le temps. Ne cherchez pas le confort, vous trouverez pas. Cet endroit est un resto rapide. Je vous recommande, ne serait-ce que pour l'expérience !. Updating my review after several weeks. Appears maybe the managers read these reviews. In the last few weeks this store has improved 2 stars. The eggs in my BBs have been cooked perfectly, Diet Coke tastes better and they have not forgotten anything in all my visits. Added two stars because they have been consistently 5 stars since my last review...but I am still watching.. The bakery from here is simply hands-down excellent. We get it catered to work regularly, and I often prefer it to the in-house gluten+dairy options.

The muffins, cookies, and donuts (though they don't look great) are fantastic. I'm so excited for a celiac relative to come to town so I can take her to this place.. Sinatra is an excellent restaurant in Steve Wynn's new luxury tower suites hotel at Encore. I have the Yelp community to help steer me towards Sinatra, so thank you Yelp! Quick story; I was in Las Vegas for my mom's 65th birthday and were looking for a restaurant to help celebrate. Originally my aunt made reservations at Switch, another restaurant at Encore. However, I researched Switch on Yelp and saw that it had a 2 star review at the time =X I suggested we try somewhere else and I came across Sinatra on Yelp. The 4 1/2 star review seemed appealing and thus suggested Sinatra. To say the least, I was now nervous because the burden now came onto me. However, at the end of the evening, Sinatra did NOT disappoint, and my mom was very happy with her meal and experience =)

Onto the details.

The ambiance and atmosphere at Sinatra was of class. A modern decor with a hint of old-Italian, combined with high ceilings, chandeliers, a huge portrait of Ol Blue Eyes himself, and a view of the flower garden created a feeling of elegance. Even the chairs were impressive, as if it were a throne itself. However, the beautiful hostess and staff helped each patron to their seats, and hence our night began.

The service at Sinatra is what really blew me away. Our waiter, Michael, was very amiable and down-to-earth. His portly stature, combined with his friendly personality, almost made me call him Uncle Mikey! Although you might expect a bit of pretentiousness at such a classy restaurant, Michael certainly dispelled that notion. He welcomed us to Sinatra and provided us with a quick description about the restaurant, as well as award-winning Chef Theo Schoenegger. As Michael described, Sinatra is obviously an Italian restaurant. However, Chef Theo approached the menu by taking classic Italian dishes and utilized reverse-culinary engineering to deconstruct the ingredients. He then implements his influence to these dishes to create a modern feel to classic Italian selections. That said, he elegantly went over the menu, giving a brief description of the dishes he recommends. After hearing Michael's monologue, I must say, I was excited!

While waiting for our food to arrive, my dad brought a bottle of wine for the table, a 2005 Caymus Special Selection. I believe the corkage fee was around $40? After Michael took our orders, the sommelier (or wine steward) quickly came to our table and asked if we'd like our wine to be placed in a decanter. After saying yes, we observed this wine master at work, delicately pouring the wine from its original bottle into the decanter, then taking the bottle close to a lighted candle, to observe if any sediments were left. After a few minutes of allowing the wine to aerate and breathe within the decanter, she sampled the wine to taste for any tannins. Deemed ready. she brought our wine to the table, and after witnessing all that, it made the wine even more enjoyable! We actually just came from Napa Valley and consumed much wine during that trip (as expected haha), so my dad and I were having a conversation with her. She was very charming and answered many of our wine-related questions, so that was nice.

Okay, onto the food. Sorry for the wait! For appetizers we decided to share amongst the 5 of us. We ordered two orders of each: the Assaggini Di Mare ( a quartet of the sea), the Polpettine (meatballs with polenta and mushrooms), and the Cappesante (seared Maine scallops). I didn't have much of the sea quartet, but I can definitely vouch for the Polpettine and Cappesante! The meatballs were bursting with flavor, as well as the scallops. Together with celery and kumquat fruits, the diverse combination with the scallops produced a refreshing taste to my palate, as the kumquat complimented the scallops well, while the celery acted as the bridge to put the two tastes together.

I ordered the ravioli (with butternut squash, vanilla, and amaretto) for my second choice. I was a bit disappointed in the taste, for it was a bit bland for my palate. Perhaps it was the butternut squash? The vanilla foam on top, however, was a nice touch to the ravioli. My dad recommended the Agnolotti (with ricotta and herbs, parmesan sauce and chives), so maybe next time.

For my main course I ordered the Colorado Rack of Lamb, along with a side of mashed Yukon Gold potato. Yum! The lamb was so tender and flavorful! The meat tasted so delicate, it was literally hanging by a thread off of the meat. The potato puree was an excellent compliment to the lamb, which was suggested by Michael. I'm not sure how Chef Theo did it, but you have to try the meat and see for yourself!

For dessert, I had the bread pudding with gelato. The contrasting flavors and temperatures made the end of my dining experience even more enjoyable!

Overall, I greatly enjoyed my experience at Sinatra and highly recommend! This is no themed restaurant in a casino, this is fine Italian dining at its best!

P.S. Sorry for the long review =X lol. Your review helps others learComing from Kansas City, I KNOW what good BBQ is!  I was very impressed.  Nothing I tried was even mediocre in the slightest.  I highly recommend the ribs in Habanero BBQ sauce.  They don't even need extra sauce.  The brisket was amazing in its own right, particularly with the crust.  I completely enjoyed the beans, the corn and my God...  the sauces!!  The pork was decent and was exceptional with the variety of sauces to add on.  I would also say that the sausage is amazing.  Most of the reviews on here don't tout the sausage and I don't know why!  Dip it in their variety of mustards and you've got a real winner.  It was nice to have the hush puppies as an add on to dip with, etc.

Now, if this isn't enough to convince you, the people make it a spectacular experience indeed!  Both of my servers were absolute sweethearts and made me feel very welcome.  I would not have been surprised if I had been invited to go to a party afterwards.  Just incredibly warm people.  Richie Haddox the manager even stopped by several times to check on me and treated me to some great conversation as well as a little extra sauce.  ;-)  An awesome experience to be sure!

These people know good BBQ and exceptional customer service.  Its too easy to find average or even bad customer service these days.  Tragic commentary on where we've come to as a society.  Not at Midwood Smokehouse, however.

I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in town, and to my buds back home... get ready!  I'm bringing home some killer sauce!n about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.. Stumbled upon HEXX kitchen + bar when looking for a nice brunch spot during my stay in Vegas that wasn't a buffet and Yelp led me here! Located off the strip across from the Bellagio fountains, HEXX focuses on fresh, quality, approachable American cuisine with extensive drink options OH, and it's attached to a candy store as well! What's not to like about that?

I loved the atmosphere; modern, cozy, home-y vibe that made you feel like you were in someone's house casually sitting down for a good meal. As we settled in we pursued the brunch menu and I actually had trouble picking what I wanted because everything looked so good to me. After some rounds of coffee I opted for the ham and cheese croissant which our server recommended and I was not displeased in my decision. It was a huge sandwich with aged gooey cheddar, a nice helping of black forest ham, and a nice soft and warm croissant bun served with a side of their home fries. Seemed like the perfect way to start my morning as  I was completely satisfied with what I ate and now was ready to get my day started. And although the candy kitchen seemed very tempting, I had to restrain myself since I was still basking in my brunch pleasure and it seemed too early for that, until next time!

Give this place a shot for great food, views, and atmosphere when you don't want to eat at a buffet.. Not the best I've had anywhere but good value, very serviceable and exactly what I had in mind.  

Good dim sum with most of the usual choices, although I didn't see the range of options pass by that I see at some restaurants.  The dumplings were not greasy.  A standout was the roast duck, whose skin was very crispy and the meat was thick.  I have no idea how much it cost but it was sufficient in quantity to be shared by 3 hungry male adults.

Easy location near Orleans, Palms, and several timeshare properties.

Bill for 5 adults and 4 children was $78.20 including tip, for eating dim sum until full but not gorging.

Note: the room was warm, not nearly as hot as the 110 degrees it was outside when we visited, but not quite comfortable either, and  worthy of checking the AC system.. Nem Nuong? I have a better for term for these delightful bites.. Nom nuong! Or, even better yet, Nom nom nuong!! I'm sure a lot of you say that you have had spring rolls in your life. But trust me, after trying the nem nuong here... You have never had spring rolls in yo life!!!

I've never been to Brodards, the Cali based spring roll institution, which I hear has the same owners as Nem Nuong. After seeing the pics on what made Brodards so famous, I had to check it out.

The restaurant is really well designed. It is probably the most upscale Vietnamese restaurant in town. After sitting down and ordering our food, it came at a reasonable time.

Nem Nuong - these are basically pork spring rolls. But, not the run-of-the-mill ones that are typically served. That would be like comparing a Little Ceasars pizza to one made by an Italian Michelin rated restaurant. I think that what sets it apart is the fried egg roll shell that they stuff inside the roll. It gives it a marvelous crunch!! I was wondering, while eating it, why doesn't every place do this? It should be the law. And, I will enforce it... like Judge Dredd. Because I am the law. The pork was a generous piece that was really tender and well seasoned. It was probably one of the best bites I've had all year! But from what I've been hearing, they are a little bit overpriced as compared to Brodard's, but that's typical of Vegas food as compared to So-cal food.

Bahn Xeo - Now if you guys know me, my favorite Vietnamese food in the whole world is not pho, but actually their take on the Crepe. But this is not like the French version. It is more like a giant omelet (kinda), and it is stuffed with seafood and bean sprouts, and you eat it like a Korean ssam wrap, with lettuce, mint, sesame leaves, and pickled vegetables. I thought the one here was OK. It didn't blow me away. The inside seemed a little bit pasty and undercooked.

I would like to come back here and try their pho and broken rice dishes. Their nem nuong is legit and would encourage everyone to try it out!

nem nem nem nem nem nem nem nem nem. What a gem and a true reflection on evolution of the Montreal food scene. It feels a bit like a New York style restaurant, but of-course, with the French flair.


In terms of a menu, Chef Marcio is doing great things here - his concept is break all rules. From their fresh oysters with interesting accompaniments, to the 12" hotdog, you're on a roller coaster ride of a menu of things you shouldn't be putting together, but you do, and together it sings. For me personally, it allowed me to break some traditional rules in a fun and imaginative manner.


From a service perspective, it's professional yet casual. From a price point perspective, it's high value for what you're getting. And from an Ambience perspective, it's the crazy mind of a fun artist. 


and i must make mention to the most tender octopus and perfectly cooked pork belly i've had globally. Well done!. Tea Time has a wide variety of unique, fresh teas and is a great place to taste something new. You can get both takeaway cups to drink immediately and bags of loose tea for home. The loose teas are sold in 100g increments and the prices are comparable to online retailers, like Republic of Tea. For takeout teas, be sure to get a punch card, which is good for one free tea for every four teas purchased.

Unlike the online stores and many other tea shops, Tea Time has some unique and local creations. The Phoenix Black tea has a rich and pleasant combination of honey pollen, caramel, and other flavors. The Mango Flip herbal tea is a sweet and tart blend of several fruits. In addition, you can create your own custom combination of two or more teas - for example Blood Orange and Chocolate Rooibos. These are just a few examples of the creativity that Tea Time brings to its craft. This is what really separates it from other tea shops.

The staff members know the teas well and are very willing to let visitors see and smell the teas. They gladly assist customers with choosing teas to match their tastes.

The one thing missing from Tea Time is a place to sit, relax and enjoy a few cups of tea. The shop is relatively small and has no seating, so it isn't the type of place where customers can stay and enjoy their tea.

I can see myself visiting Tea Time the next time I need to stock up on new loose teas for home. Its unique creations and wide selection will keep me coming back.. I will start by saying that I don't know Mexican food. I put that disclaimer up so that if anyone ever reads these small insignificant little critiques of mine, I can always point to the claim I have no idea what truly this stuff is supposed to taste like because I am not a chef or even a professional. I work in IT for Pete's sake. With that said, this place was one of a kind. I may have only gone one time but that was all I needed.

The building is big, purple, and on the corner right on 24th Street. Talk about location. There is only about 8 parking spaces behind the place but not a worry because we were the first ones there for lunch. Your experience may vary. Inside is way more romanticly themed for 4 guys from work out on their lunch break. Small table, candles, I am not going to say more for fear of my sexuality being questioned. We were seated immediately and had ice water within moments. We ordered a plate of chips and salsa to wet the appetite. They brought us an entire plate covered in guacamole with freshly made chips individually stuck in it. This was a good signal of what was to come.

Fairly basic menu. Spanish terms that I can't easily pronounce. So I ordered what could best be described as a steak quesadilla but in this particular quesadilla was Chihuahua cheese. I have never heard of it before but once I tasted it I realized it is certainly something I won't soon forget. It is a creamy, mellow, and simply delicious cheese. Put that between a nice fresh tortilla and some savory steak and there you have a really great lunch. The only thing I can think of to ding the meal on was portion size. I by no means am a big eater. Quality over quantity all day long. But I could have used a little more to fill me up. Nitpicking, I am.

Go here. Eat lunch or dinner or whatever is appropriate for the time of day you are there. The staff truly care about your meal and your experience. The chef came out and asked us how it was and I never had a half empty glass much less a totally empty glass of tea. The host even unfolded our napkins and placed them on our lap. I have no idea if that is a cultural tradition or not, but it was very pleasant. I shall be back indeed.. Awesome food!! Must try. Casinos, meatmarket bars, strip clubs not really your thing?  This may be your Vegas destination.. Awesome love it here....I can eat fresh for $12 and all I can eat ;-). After a scary run for your life through the dinosaur filled parking lot (rar), head into the semi-sturdy structure with a VW bug on the roof and find...food? Yes!  Success in the oddest place.  Now forget about the clunk of German ingenuity on the roof, put on a nascar hat, oil stained jeans, and fit into a little something called the "white trash burger."  The bun is soft and not overbearing, the meat has good flavor, an overall great burger.  It would be nice if it was a little larger, but hey, we're just happy to be outta' the trailer.  The chips are nice and crispy, but quite bland; perhaps this explains the pissed off cretaceous period in the parking lot.   The fries are good as are the fried pickles.  A nice burger joint with a few Land of the Lost hipsters to boot.  Roll credits.. A honest to gawd Vodka bar with an bar made of ice and Lenin's head in the top shelf?  How can this place be less than 6 stars!?

I love going to Vegas, if nothing than getting blind drunk on potato booze.  

The place is always packed and the staff is fast, and drinks are the stuff legendary nights start with a liberal dose of.  

I would not live in Vegas, simply because of this place.  I'd never...ever...leave.. REVIEW IS FOR THE KOI ULTRA LOUNGE..."

THIS WAS AN AMAZING CLUB LAST NIGHT!!!!  I picked up a wristband from a man in a suit outside of Planet Hollywood which gave me unlimited alcohol for only $30 at the door. Come on ... who else in Vegas does this? It was a definite plus because I was paying around $10 per drink on the strip & spent way too much before I got to there. They also had quick & great service at the bar which is not always the case in Vegas. Because of which we decided to order a bottle for our group. We will definitely be doing bottle service again for our group considering the price was AMAZING!!! It is a great place to stop before everywhere else and definitely and AFTER PARTY LOCATION!!!. I also absolutely loved the crowd there. Definitely lots of ladies when we came in. The Top 40 mix was one of the best we heard last night. KOI WILL DEFINATELY BE OUR FIRST STOP EVERY NIGHT THAT WE AM HERE!!!. Wow!!!  What a great team. They really know their stuff and is very very professional & polite.  I had been to 3 or 4 shops before hand telling me I needed a brand new drive shaft, upon an in depth inspection they figured they could replace the parts on my drive shaft  with their shelf supply and get it back to me by the end of the day.  Felt great hearing that they could fix it.  Left feeling even better! Thank you so much Dans Driveline! A+++

Ps. The pens are sweet!. I wish they opened this Einstein years ago.  Very handy as it's on my way to work, and I am not a big breakfast eater.  Bagel & cream cheese is the perfect breakfast!. I've known Dr. Lokey for sometime as a business associate.  It is clear that she knows what she is talking about and cares about her patients.  If you have kids, they will receive great care from Dr. Lokey!. Finally got my iphone repaired the right way.. I was on business trip to Las Vegas, I had my phone lock button repaired by desert wireless and had some issues with them... then I took it premier telecom. it was repaired correctly with in like 15 minute and it was cheaper. very happy with speed and problem has been corrected promptly. any iphone problem definitly right place to go... Wow, the food was as good as many of the people noted.  The service was fast and the ambiance was surprising after looking at the building from the outside!

Around meal times I think you are generally going to have a bit of a wait as it seems to be very popular judging by the number of people that were there when we came at a bit of an off time.

Give this place a try you will not be disappointed!. What can I say this place is a dive bar and they offer egg roles but I don't dare try them. If you want to have a low key night where you can let your alcoholism run wild this is the bar.. The best place to get ice cream and cookies! I love coming to this place just for the ice cream. I am a very big fan of thrifty ice cream, for some reason to me it is one of the best ice creams out on the market. To add that to a variety of delicious and soft fresh baked cookies is the best. My favorite is making a custom ice cream sandwich, which consists of a tuxedo cookie on top, chocolate chip ice cream in the middle and the bottom cookie is a snickerdoodle. This mixture for me takes me to paradise and I forget all my worries! Sweet addiction is a must try!. So I mt up with a few friends of mine for dinner here last night. I have to say that I had a very enjoyable meal. We started out with the Hummus plate that came with this really good grilled pita, olives, cucumber, hummus, feta and red onions. Great little starter plate. The hummus was very good. We decided to share a pizza, and get a few apps (bar hours are between 4 and 6 or so, and they've got a few specials) We went with the white pizza with chicken and jalapenos, the chardonnay steamed clams (4 bucks on the bar special menu) and an order of the truffle parmesan fries. The fries were perfect perfect perfect, still thinking about those. The clams were very good as well, and a good portion for being on the cheaper bar menu. The pizza was also very good, suuuuper thin and not greasy. Overall a great meal, and good prices. We sat outside on the patio, but I took a lap on the inside before we left and it seemed pretty cool. I'll def be back, and I hope my next experience is the same as last night.. Great place to get your sub sandwich fix!  Fresh with great taste!  I have to eat Gluten Free (allergy) and love that they make their own gluten free bread daily!  Much better tasting than most GF bread.  The only down side is the cost to switch to a GF bun........but it is expensive no matter where you go...that is if you can find the option.

Staff is always friendly and I order from their app and pick-up.  Easy and good!. Great gyro and fries! My buddy came along and got the hot dog and apparently it was amazing. Nice little atmosphere with TVs, Feel like it's a great place for a quick bite that's not too expensive.. Sweets Raku has a very calm, refined, and delicate atmosphere to it. This could be a turn off for some looking for a casual place to relax and chat it up with friends. 

The menu is simple, light, and did I mention edible? Espresso is ok, but I was expecting something to wow me a bit more seeing how it coexists with their nature of business. Desert was never a big thing for me and this place just didn't quite excite my palate. I ordered the baton which was a new experience to me pistachio cream with a chocolate and fruit base all wrapped in a light delicate cookie. The flavors were subtle and weren't too overpowering, but I think I'll leave this place to the dessert lovers. The service here is exceptional although communication could sometimes be an issue, we had difficulties understanding the waitress when she was describing the menu.. Everything about Book Buyers shows it's appeal and divine placement in Plaza Midwood. No business would suit this space more appropriately. From the musty smell of old, worn pages, the family cat just gallivanting around at will, odd finds and crazy selection, it's one of those places you just have to find yourself getting lost in from time to time. 

I've been in on multiple occasions and have really just enjoyed perusing and finding older copies of Tolkien novels and some cook books. Upon our last visit, we scored some great children's books for our nephew. We found some solid gold copies of old disney books, Winnie the Pooh, and a few Garfield coloring books. Needless to say, our little nephew was thrilled with all of the books. The prices were so good on some, too. Paying around $3 for a great, used book compared to the steep prices of a major book store is always a more palatable experience. 

The owners are so nice and they tend to have that syndrome where they know exactly where everything is. Pretty awesome. 

There are some pretty cool nick nacky items at the front counter, too. Always good when you need chapstick!. Just moved to Arizona and found this place. Food was amazing. I had the steak nachos, wife had a taco and tostada. Everything was fresh and cooked to order. We will DEFINITELY be back.. I left this check-in tip and now am expanding into a review.  BTW, a good way to capture and "image" of someplace that you can further develop later. "M - F 7-11 five buck special.  What a deal for a simple meal".

Let me explain why a three-star v. four:  Salt!  There was so much large grain salt on everything that it made eating, let alone tasting, very difficult.  Our hope is that this is an isolated incident and I will amend when we return...soon.

Chef:  pls check your prep in the kitchen and monitor the amount of salt.

Fried potatoes were nicely seared chunks, but we had to scrape off the salt.  Ditto the wonderful sausage gravy over biscuits. How frustrating to realize the savory flavors, the best such gravy I have had in years, but the salt overload prevented us from wolfing it all down.

But I digress... 

This is an unassuming cafe, now restaurant opened by a chef couple who had worked at one of Charlotte's top restaurants.  The menu and ingredients reflect their exposure to more gourmet delights.  They serve Breakfast, lunch and dinner with some items carrying over from the previous menu.

I had the lobster omelet...really!  Made with sweet sauteed onions, cheese and asparagus.  What a treat for an early morning wake-up breakfast.  Cinnamon crunch waffle with bananas was like pastry.  Another treat.

And the eggs are made to order and they do an excellent sunny side up version.

Ask to look at the lunch and dinner menus as just reading the offerings will seduce you into returning to try.

We are anxious to return in the hopes that the salting is left more to the consumer than the kitchen.  

Flipside is special and worth your exploration.. Love this place for a quick bite or some awesome take out.  Every gyro is delish and the folks there are great.. The buffet is wonderful.  A wide assortment of Indian food at about $10.00 per person.  The chicken dishes are simply terrific.  They also provide bread on the table and a fountain drink for $1.00.

The decor is inviting and the staff are nice.

I recommend.. A boba tea for your time at the mall

Very cool to have Pinoy's at the mall.  We grab a bubble tea when we visit, before making our rounds.  Black milk tea and taro slush are our usuals.

The boba are a bit soft for my preference, but still good.  And the teas are tasty.  Small selection of Filipino and other pastries, as well.. Vous voulez manger le meilleur poulet au beurre en ville, n'hesitez pas. Il est superbe, en fait tout est bon, le poulet au beurre est simplement sublime.. How can I not be a fan of a place that lets you play arcade games for free!?  It's like I'm finally getting my tax refund check for all those years I've paid to playing arcade games.

They have lots of old school arcade games like the Simpsons and X-Men games, Pac-Man, Galaga, those video games you'll find at some bars like golfing and bowling, pinball games, racing games, console games, etc. The other week I noticed that they had the Mortal Kombat game I was hooked on that for a while. Can't wait for them to get Street Fighter 2. I'm down for a battle. Can we get some DDR and Time Crisis too?

Besides the free games I like their alcohol. They have a good selection of craft beers and cocktails, all at reasonably priced. They often have drink special, one recent weekend they had $1 for selected shots and wines. There's even a huge beer tower which I wouldn't mind doing all by myself one of these days.

I like their food menu. It's not your typical bar food like just a burger, nachos, or pizza. It's that and more. They have the BBQ Pork Fries which are fries topped with pulled pork, a bourbon BBQ sauce, cheese, bacon, and herbs it was a tasty small meal or snack between meals or between video game playing. They have Hangover Fries, Bacon Wrapped Corndogs, Bison Burger, braised short rib, mud pies, etc.

This place is awesome just think of it as Insert Coin but free, in a neighborhood, and more chill atmosphere.  The bartenders, owner, and other staff are always friendly. It's a Niner's bar. 

Oh yeah they have a nice Happy Hour. Everyday 10AM-7PM it's $5 food specials, $4 Jim Bean and Jack, $4 select craft beers, and $3 well cocktails. Wait for football season I heard somewhere that they have $15 100-ounce Bud Light beer towers haha you know I want that.

It's also still a bar so kids sorry you're not allowed.. Good shrimp ap with a real nice spicy kick. 

For about 20 bucks less then flemmings or ruth crist my friend and I got to amazingly good steaks.  Next time I come to Madison I'm eating here again.. What can you say about this place? Excellent craft beer selection including several Fatheads Brewery beers. The sandwiches are enormous, and my personal favorite is the Bay of Pigs, fatheads' take on the Cuban. The wings are delicious as well.. Zach & Nate went out of their way to be extremely helpful.  What a great and friendly staff at the Airport!  These guys deserve a raise.  I was not expecting to have such an experience at an airport location, but it was one of the best car rental experiences ever. I had a friend come into town and we decided to do a little back to school shopping.  You know some of the basic stuff.  Office Max was really busy because everyone else was doing the same exact thing.  But, it was easy to get around the store and find the things we were looking for.  I have no complaints but, I had no expectations either.. I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed this restaurant.  The enchiladas and guacamole were excellent!  The differentiator was the service, though.  Everyone from the hostess to the waiters were friendly and efficient.. Buldogis picks up where all other hot dogs give up. Piled high with gourmet toppings and sauces, Buldogis has managed to turn what is usually a snack into a meal. 

I usually get the teriyaki dog myself, but my roommate gas tried several others, not a miss yet! The euro fries are a tasty tasty treat. But like most treats should be consumed on moderation....who am I kidding, they're so good!

Also a special shout out to those with gluten sensitivities: Buldogis won't hesitate to skip the bun and put your delicious hot dog and toppings over a bed of spinach or lettuce! I personally think the spinach is a little tastier but the owner tells me he's moving toward the lettuce -based 'dog salad', which should be a huge hit this summer! Be sure to ask for your Buldogis without the bun!. Probably the best Chicago style food and by far the best Chicago Dogs I've had in Arizona...  Nuff said!

Menu is very fairly priced and make sure to get the Vienna beef Chicago dogs... ugh sooo good.

table/booth seating and a few bar type seats up front along the window.  
Al is usually manning the front and/or register so be sure to say hi...  Very friendly staff and plenty of Chicago swag around the walls to check out. 
Definitely check out Al's... very good food!. Fantastic service. Visited this morning for a watch bracelet sizing. Preformed quickly along with a complementary waterproof test as well as movement accuracy test. Awesome! While my Steinhart was being sized we chatted about my Omega Seamster and I was able to browse their selection. I'll be back!. Wonderful comfort food just as momma and granny made it. Excellent prices for the quality as well as quantity.. Great burgers, beer, fries, service, atmosphere. Pricey, but competitive and reasonable for Las Vegas Strip. My wife and I split The Morning After and Royale with Cheese burgers. Wonderful blend of beef, cheese, sauce and bun for both.. One of my favorite happy hour spots.  Half off drinks and selected appetizers with a pretty quality beer selection.  

Have eaten in the restaurant for a few work functions.  Food is good but the prices are a little steep.  

Highly recommend the bar and happy hour.  Great atmosphere and the music on Fridays and Saturdays are awesome.. If you are looking for a great view, a fabulous meal, and wonderful service, this is the place for you. I enjoyed the Tuna Poke, the Filet Mignon, and the Creme Brulee. The crisps that accompanied the tuna were a bit strange looking, criss cut potato chips, but the flavor combinations were fantastic. The filet came with scalloped potates that were cooked to perfection. Finally, the vanilla bean creme brulee topped it off. Actually, the expensive congac really topped it off but it will cost you. All in all a great experience, and Tom, the server, was able to recognize that our table was there for an experience not just the food.  Cheers!. I love this place.  I have been coming here since I was a kid.  The pizza is fantastic.  Their calzones are amazing as well.  If you are in the area, you need to stop by and try their food.  The staff is really friendly as well.. JK is awesome! We were hesitant at first to try this place cause I never looked busy but we are glad we did. JK is not as greasy as your typical chinese joint. This place is very affordable, the wait staff is very attentive and nice. I always get the lemon chicken as my entree. If you order a dinner combo it comes in a crazy rectangular box-plate type deal with your entree, rice, a little salad and crab puffs and a sweet and sour sauce and a spicy mustard in their own little compartments. Its pretty cool. This is by no means gourmet and is pretty much americanized but yummy none the less.. just go. And dont say lean. Best Thai in Vegas!!!!! and even got the hole in the wall feel of Bangkok and I've gone to Thailand a lot!!!!! Saved 10K in airfare if you go here!!!!. ------
That's what my old chick used to clash with me
(Jin, why'd you get this fake Louis bag for me)
Actually, you should be happy I purchased that
I take this as a sign, you don't want the matching hat
------

Through some research, I managed to find another streetwear joint in Montreal other than OTH and City Styles (it's down the block from Rotisserie Romados if you're a stupid tourist like me).  Apparently, this place has only been open since June 2011 - hence they haven't generated any buzz or blog hype and the staff was pretty shocked I managed to find this place.  Making the storefront look like a bodega doesn't encourage off-street traffic to come in as well.

Unfortunately, their infancy is reflected in their selection - only about 15 pairs of Nikes on display and some pieces from The Hundreds, Freshjive, Alife, etc.  The standout fact for these guys is their house brand, Fake Brand.  Okay - I know logo rips have been done to death in the streetwear world - but I digged some of the prints and snapbacks.  I copped a 'Louis Button' shirt -- now I'm truly Chinese -- I own fake LV!

They also own the boutique store next door (was told they bought up both storefronts and inherited some old stock from the old owners) and the dude was cool enough let me in to take a gander around.  Pretty ho-hum until I spotted a LRG Iron Maiden hoodie in grey/purple.  GREY/PURPLE!  Okay - I used to be a hoodie fiend and the Iron Maiden in grey/purple was second on my holy grail/'I-need-this-hoodie-in-my-life' list (behind the Artful Dodger Rose & Dagger hoodie) -- I only have the light blue version and I wore the shit out of it until the pocket ripped.

Steady my breath and with my best poker face "How much of these hoodies do you have in my size?" (if they had 100, I would have bought 100).  And I was told they only have what's on the floor.  I fought back the tears.  I don't wear an 'L'.  So if you can love the the LRG Iron Maiden in grey/purple like it deserves and you wear 'L' - get down here quick.  And drop me a message as well - we need to start a streetwear brand.

I was heavily contemplating buying it to resell - but I swore I would never do that to the game.  I've never wanted to lose weight more - not for health reasons or to increase my chances with women - but to fit fly hoodies from 2006.  I'm sick.

Anyways - cool store, small but fly collection of new stuff, some true diamonds in the rough and the staff is cool as well.  Glad to see these guys open up shop in a time that streetwear stores/brands are collapsing.  Support these guys as they continue doing nasty things to the mega-brands.. I can't say much for the skinny side of the menu, because I haven't been able to overcome the temptations of the happy side of the menu. however, that doesn't mean I won't ever venture over there... Truthfully, when faced with the choice, the fatter side of me wins out every time. The food at Skinnyfats is fantastic! I've had the Chix on Broadway, with a side of truffle fries, and the Happymess. Both of which were nothing short of delicious (and very filling). Pretty much everything on the menu looks tasty, and I have set a goal to try it all. Service has always been warm and inviting. Definitely a good spot to stop and eat or carry out!!. I was in the mood for some sushi. I was visiting LV from San Francisco. I had Yelped this place and found the reviews to be overwhelmingly good. Hence, I wanted to try it even though it was off the strip. I was meeting a friend there who informed she was going to be late. I sat at the sushi bar and was greeted by Jesse (sushi chef) who offered awesome customer service as well as great recommendations, i.e., vampire roll. He handed me some sushi rolls while I waited. I ate them fast to Jesse's shocking face. I wanted to hid the evidence that I had already started to eat, lol. What makes this place great is 1. You are eating all you can, seriously. Don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach because you don't want to waste this precious food. For 22.95 you get all your faves. I wanted Uni for lunch and its only offered on the Dinner AYCE (all you can eat) menu. All they did was charge me for the Dinner Menu 24.95, lol, awesome. You cannot beat this place. The fish is fresh. Yes, FRESH. A lot of people will say some sushi place is fresh when it's really not.  Jesse was awesome, the waitstaff was friendly. A must for any sushi lover. Jesse if you are reading this man, mahalo. Jesse complemented my sushi eating skills, lol. I dipped my fish into the soy and wasabi and put back on my rice and then ate it. I guess that is a proper way of eating sushi. If you love sushi go to this place. If you are coming from the strip and following all the directions remember its on the right side. You can make a right at the lights on Serene. I got lost so I know this is important.  If a place like this was in San Francisco a lot of AYCE places would shut down. Todai and all these other previously frozen places are just not worth it. Sin City Sushi come to San Francisco. There are great sushi places here, but not all you can eat freshi sushi at 22.95-24.95.. Awesome food! Got a lesson on the proper way to eat sushi, and enjoyed it immensely. Dumplings, great, shrimp meal tasty. The surroundings were comfortable, as if being in your own home. Looking forward to hosting some events there soon.. Been coming to this Roadrunner for year now; located inside the colonnade movie shopping center the Roadrunner delivers a nice slice of adult fun.  Pool tables and a full bar with plenty of seating area both inside and outside.

Outside the have a private bar for banquet events and fire pit for night time fun.  Have scheduled a few events during the summer and they are fantastic when it comes to meeting the needs of any party.  

One point to touch on is the exceptional grill they have.  Classic tri-tip and steak dishes like the Dr. Pepper marinated steak tacos add a nice flare to this country/urban grill/bar.. Have to upgrade to 5 stars because this place has never changed and is still the best!. OMG, the chicken Fatty Tacos are good....Good TV and I like the option of having fries with my Mexican food.. This is my new favorite place for Mexican food. Great food. Great price. Always friendly. We love eating Rudy's as takeaway since the seating is limited and we can call it in. Street tacos are good, Chimi's are great, and I love both types of hot sauce.. Alright!!! Not a huge sushi fan - but - my wife loved it!!! Didn't think I could get $26 worth of food (I eat veggie rolls with lots of wasabi). They had steak - real tender and cooked medium rare. Also Chicken teriyaki, and some chicken kabobs with red bell pepper that were delish! Everything looked REAL FRESH, salads were good - MISO was excellent!!! Most of these buffet style places have cheapo desserts - NOT HERE - Real Creme Brulet, the green tea ice cream was excellent! They had other stuff I didn't try (too full). You WILL find a couple desserts you will like. Veggie rolls were very good and the wasabi was HOTT!!! Wife thought her meal would cost about $100 at a good sushi place - VERY PLEASED!!! Can't give it a five star because I'm not a sushi, pork, shellfish eater. Hot green tea was also excellent (and I know green tea - this was close to my personal favorite "Novus Dragon Well Green") This place is saved in our GPS for the next trip to Vegas!!!. My wife and I stayed here for our 7th year anniversary and the place is first off phenomenal.  We paid extra for early check-in and they got us into our room by 10:30 am. Which we did the mobile check-in,  they have a dedicated mobile check-in line so you don't have to wait in the regular check-in line. You can get your room keys before your room is ready and once your room is ready they notify you of your room number, then activate your keys.

Next we stayed in the Corner Suite and it is well worth the money, just off the view alone. LCD tv's through the suite. Everything can be controlled from a touch pad tablet, from the black-out curtains, to the lights and to the tv's themselves.  Great 5 star hotel, with a phenomenal staff to match. The casino also not very smoky, for being a casino.. When my cousin migrated here in Las Vegas, I took him here and thank god it was well worth it.  Him and I had a blast.  We each had a margarita in our hands that we both struggled to finish because it was just freakin huge, anyhow we checked out this location and omg that observation wheel is ridiculous, I struggled to get an angle to take a shot of the whole wheel because that thing is so freakin huge. They have these billboard sign not to far from the wheel where you can take selfies and send them to facebook, twitter and other social media sites.  Kept askin my cousin to delete, delete, delete !!! lol.  Have to check out Brooklyn Bowl when you come here, talk about 32 bowling lanes, bar and concert venue all in one location, total insanity.  This is a must see for both locals and visitors alike.. What a really great surprise.

My wife and I went to Marnee Thai tonight with our restaurant.com coupon and the food was awesome at an unbeatable price.

The Wife is a vegetarian and had fried tofu appetizer and tofu Pad Thai for her main meal, while I had satay chicken sticks followed by "Pepper and garlic chicken".

The pad thai was a huge stack of food and my wife enjoyed it thoroughly.

I loved my satay sticks. They were a little smaller than you usually get at Thai places in Vegas, but they had an important feature for me in that they were clearly char grilled and well marinaded which really adds to the taste. The satay sauce was also top notch.

My main meal of pepper and garlic chicken was delicious and there was a similar char on the chicken which I enjoyed. This dish was a sensational price at only $7.99.

In addition to being extremely reasonably priced (most menu items are between $7 and $9 and soft drinks are $2) Marnee is conveniently open into the very small hours of the morning and the menu is extensive to say the least (much larger than the menus for the restaurant that you can find onlne).

The restaurant wasn't exactly luxurious, but was relaxing and it was pleasant to linger. One side had a big screen TV setup where some easy listening concert was playing (Chicago, Celine Dion, etc among other acts)

The only minor drawback with Marnee is that on our visit a few of the things we wanted were unavailable. It wasn't too much of a concern because we weren't absolutely sold on these particular items and they were mainly being purchased to fulfill the requirements of our restaurant.com coupon, however if you'd arrived tonight craving egg rolls or satay tofu you would have been in for disappointment.

Overall, Marnee Thai is a hidden gem that offers delicious Thai food in a low-key atmosphere and provides incredible bang for the buck.. i love the food here the beans and rice have amazing flavor. i've been going here for years i love this place. i use to live in phoenix and the drive here was always more than worth it. this is my top spot for the phoenix area for mexican food. the salsa is super super amazing in every way. if i could rate this place higher i would. prices here are great always. i now live in fresno,ca and great food like this is hard to find !! if you do find good food here it won't be consistent and cheap trust me been looking for two years now. anyways i highly recommend poliberto's to any and all who like great food. 5 stars isn't high enough... Andrew and his crew exceeded my expectations. They were fast and courteous and my patio came out beautiful. I would highly recommend them to anyone wanting to do any paver work. Just a great experience all around. Thanks Andrew!!!. More like 3.66689219 stars.  My wife and I wanted something different for breakfast on Saturday morning so we got "The Executive" which was pretty good and "The Count" which is their montecristo and that was fantastic.  

Already looking over the menu to see what we'll order next time.  Just looking at the description of "The Godfather" makes me think that sandwich could put a few senior citizens in the hospital after eating half of that.  I'm going to run off 2 miles of food guilt now.. This place is great.  Just off of Scottsdale Road in Old Town Scottsdale.  Good food, great prices and very helpful employees.  They deliver if you are in the area.. Overall experience was good except for the super slow service.  

Arugula salad w/fig - fresh and light
Gois gras - really good & nicely presented
Duck confit - delicious 
Rack of lamb, this is your place if you like gamey lamb
Pannacotta - way too sweet

Person who greeted us was very welcoming
Live jazz always a plus. Amazing food, great prices, friendly staff, and a great selection.  What more can you ask for?  I love the mandarin chicken and the homemade ice cream.  Asian Fusion at its best.. Fun restaurant and bar. Very diverse crowd that is very accepting of the LGBT crowd too. Karaoke a few times a week is awesome with a large selection of songs. Food is good, onion rings are homemade fresh and amazing. Service is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it, especially on karaoke nights.. 2 Words:  Excellent Service.  Service was quick and organized.  The place was packed but the placed moved like a oiled machine.  I had the brisket sandwich (see image).  I can't lie, I've had better brisket in Texas and in North Carolina.  I don't recommend the brisket.  It was fatty and chewy.  The ribs looked really good!  If I go again that's what I'll try.  Sides I recommend are the mac & cheese and green bean casserole.  I didn't drink but they had $2 bud & bud light bottles.. Ok, so we all know what it's like to need a service and usually when we are in DIRE need of someone fast, we cannot find someone reliable or even to call you back!

We bought a new home in Desert Ridge and the previous owners had put a lot of time and money into the landscaping, including cactus, palms, flowering plants and banana trees. After 2 weeks of living in our new home, I noticed the plants looking pretty sad. I had no idea if the irrigation was working or not, since this was new to me. 

I called 3 irrigation companies, all 3 were answering machines, I left messages and to this day(2 weeks later) have not received a follow up call from any of them. I had waited 24 hours for a call and found Pro Irrigation Services. I called, Josh answered, he had someone here THAT DAY, he even showed up AFTER 5pm when most people are going home, fixed the issue and explained everything to me. He charged a very fair rate for parts and labor and everything works perfect! I will have them out this fall when things get slower for them, to update my system and make sure that it's all working properly!  

Don't waste your time calling all the other ones and don't waste your money trying to find someone who is the lowest price, it will cost you more to have it done over RIGHT! These folks value your business and Josh even followed up a day later with a call to see if everything meet my satisfaction! IT DID! THANKS! Call'em, you won't regret it!. If Ferris Bueller were trying to sneak his way into one of the finer lunch establishments in Phoenix, there is little question that he would pretend to be Mr. Schreiner, the sausage king of Phoenix. Giving them a 5 star review is preaching to the choir of essentially all the major restaurants in town that serve their product. But, to truly appreciate Schreiner's, you must go to their tiny little shop and engage your senses. I throw a party every year that is basically buying beer, buns, cole slaw, potato salad and mustard at Costco; then proceeding to Schreiner's to buy an obscene amount and variety of sausage to grill up. Buy some fat knockwursts and cheese brats to balance out the spicy beer hots and linguisa. Also buy some of all the other sausage because why the hell not? One of the cool places in Phoenix that deserves a look next time you're near 7th and Osborn.. Surprisingly tasty Indian food and a really good price. Pretty sure it's buffet only. We stayed at the Hampton Inn on the other side of the parking lot and stopped in for lunch one afternoon. Definitely worthwhile if you have a hankering for some Indian food outside of Toronto. You can't really get away with bad Indian food in these parts, can you?. Great happy hour (including both drinks and appetizers). Good entrees. Awesome atmosphere. Excellent service. Parking sucked, though. I recommend coming for happy hour so you don't have to deal with the valet. Where are we, Beverly Hills?. Dr. Majahad and the rest of the group is great. I was seen very quickly for emergency dental services. The customer service here is top notch and something I have never experienced anywhere else. I completely trust them as I found this group 3 or 4 years ago for a second opinion and never left since. They always take their time with me and get me in as soon as possible. I also had trouble removing a temporary flipper and she took time in her busy day to show me the proper technique and adjust it for me. I can tell everyone in the office really care about their patients, unlike other offices that only want the money. It looks like I will be staying with Southwest dental in Chandler for a very long time.. Easily the best bagels in Las Vegas. They aren't NY bagels, but nothing is. The counter (to-go) staff is quick and efficient. There's never much of a wait. 

The sit down area is hit and miss from what I can tell. The waitresses are all nice, but not ways fast. 

Lastly, if you're ever feeling old go here on a Sunday before 9am and you'll feel young again. It seems as if the minimum age is 80.. This location is great I don't take out a loan or borrow money from them but I come here for the money orders as they charge 75 cents for a money order which is good for me as I don't want to pay the extra fee for one at any of the convenience stores because they charge up the butt outside of that the people who work here are friendly and from what I seen go out of there way to help you.. Always heard great clips wasn't so great but I just got proven wrong today. Went in knowing exactly what I wanted and got just that, seriously I love how it came out.  I'm a picky person when it comes to hair and I normally don't review nor take part in putting in my two cents but without a doubt one of the cleanest cuts Ive ever had. Great service great ladies great clips. Go to this location!  Mary and Sara are awesome and the other workers are very friendly. It's not the prettiest looking taqueria, but it gets the job done. Came here with a group of 10 guys after a long morning of community service after an even longer night of drinking at the bars. I made a beeline for the free chips and salsa next to the typical cucumbers and other vegetables that let you know you're in a legit taco shop.

After inhaling my first bowl of complimentary chips, we ran up to the counter starving and ordered the huge burrito with rice and beans wrapped up inside of it. I can't remember what it was called, but I do remember thinking that it was a great deal. The food came out a little slow, but the chips and cucumbers were more than enough to keep us occupied as we settled in and watched the Cardinals game on the TV. 

The burritos came out and life couldn't have been any better; they blew Filiberto's burritos out of the water and just made my day. Definitely a solid taqueria option here in Tempe, and they get an extra star for the free chips and salsa.. Their pizza is fantastic! I was honestly shocked by how good it is. They have a slightly "chewy" crust with great toppings and at a very fair price. Two thumbs up!. Where should I start?

I got their card from the bulletin board at Dunn And Edwards.

I requested estimates from several companies, surprisingly, they all showed up, that's not my normal experience with trade people, in this town. They gave me a verbal estimate, follow up by a written estimate that was $28 less than the verbal.

The estimate I received from Discount Painting was not the lowest or the highest, but their presentation and knowledge was the most impressive. Also, they are licensed, bonded and insured.

They arrive at 9:00 AM on New Years day, they normally show up at 8:00 AM, but wanted to give my neighbors a break if they partied the night before. They called me on the phone when they arrived each morning.

The first day was preparation, moving stuff out of the way,  pressure washing everything to knock off dirt and old paint. 

The second day was a continuation of preparation, cutting branches, masking tape and plastic wrap to protect windows and anything that wasn't suppose to be painted. 

Third day painting. And removing a majority of the masking tape and plastic, I could see out my windows again. At the end of the day they said they would be back Monday, I said that would be fine, but I wouldn't be there to provide access, because I work on Monday, they would have to use the ladders to access the back yard. He said he would come back tomorrow (Sunday) . 

Fourth day, they painted the bird blockers below the tiles on the edge of the roof, whoever painted it before had over spray all over the bird blockers. It was also was touch up , putting the domes back on the lights, cleaning a slight over spray on one of the windows and clean up.

You don't realize how bad your old paint looked until you have it painted, it's a difference of night and day.

I'm happy with the job they did and I would recommend Discount Painting to anyone.. Friends have used CarSultants a few times and one was a new Nissan and Brian helped my fiancé get amazing interest.  Another was my best friend who received 0 down and 4.9% on a new Honda with a recent bankruptcy.  He is a miracle worker.. This is as close you can get to a real italian coffee bar. It's not a third wave coffee shop. Nobody will serve you a chemex with coffee roasted yesterday, and you will not have any cupping sessions. It is also the complete opposite of Starbucks. Nobody will care if you're lactose intolerant here, just drink your espresso black, it's great as it is. Ain't no time to be bothered with skimmed milk when we all know most of you will eat a sugary pastry with it. You get in line and you better know what you need and you better keep it simple. That's what I love about this place.. This is a great place for breakfast. The food isngreat, the staff is great, and the ambiance is very nice. I had the Chiiquiles Benedict which was real good. My dining companion had Jan's Breakfast Tacos and he enjoyed them. One thing to make sure of, if you don't like waiting, is to get here before 8am.. Great location across from Dana Park (Val Vista and US 60) in Mesa.

Attended soft opening tonight for family, friends and close associates This isn't just another burger joint......all natural burgers from ground brisket to ground chuck; Wagyu Kobe hot dogs served up Chicago style, Texas style or however you want them; house cut fries and fresh onion rings with salt or vinegar or parmesan or cheese or chili.....you see where I'm going with this; concretes, sodas, fresh strawberry lemonade and various alcoholic beverages. All in all a great local joint that is fresh, fast and delicious.

Wave goodbye to Five (Guys) and get BurgerFi'd

Food = 4.0
Service = 4.5
Ambience = 3.5
Overall = 4.0. I stopped by here this past Friday night with my fiance and 2 other couples for a later dinner.  We had made reservations for 8 and whenever we walked in at 5 minutes past 8, the other two couples from our party were already seated.  The inside of this place is fairly small and I imagine that they could maybe fit 30 people inside if they tried really hard?  Whenever you first walk in there is an open kitchen on the left where they cook the food and then all of the seating is straight ahead.  Beyond that there is not much decoration that I noticed other than a couple of ledges full of empty wine bottles.  I found them to be interesting and I am sure that it plays into the fact that they are BYOB at $2 a stem.

Our group decided to start off the evening by ordering the pork crostini and a meatball like dish as appetizers to share for the table .  The waiter informed us that only 4 came with the pork crostinis and so he asked would we like an order a half which we readily agreed to.  Of the two I think that I enjoyed the crostinis more as the pork had some good flavor to it.  For dinner I ordered the porcini dusted new york strip steak cooked medium which came with a Gorgonzola compound butter on top of it and a quartered zuchinni on the side.  My steak ended up being pretty lean and was cooked perfectly which gave it some good flavor.  The real star of the show was the gorgonzola compound butter though as the blue cheese really came through in the taste and yet it was very easily spreadable.  My zucchini was just ok as it was a thick piece and the while the top and bottom seemed to be cooked through the very middle was quite a bit harder.  It was seasoned well though.   My fiancé ended up ordering the salmon for her dinner entree and really enjoyed it.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While the restaurant itself seemed small and tight I ended up enjoying my food and the atmosphere here.. I like several things about Federico's:

1 - It's close to my house.
2 - It's inexpensive.
3 - They have large portions.
4 - The food tastes good.
5 - Service is friendly.

The only thing I don't like is the iced tea.  It doesn't taste very good and isn't fresh brewed.

Overall, Federico's is a good option in this part of town for Mexican food.. Great AZ based restaurant chain that is growing and why not, the food is very good.  I have eaten here for years and should probably have more consistency in my check ins because I would be the BOSS!  

For those who seek healthy catering options, these guys rock my staff have always appreciated it.

Their menu selection is very diverse and the hummus is off the hook.  I love having the mahi with hummus and pita chips!  

You can always try out their lavoush pizza's and never forget their Pitas! 

The staff are always cool hipsters that actually work really hard for their tips (at least in the two locations I frequent).  

Only feedback for the owners of the company would be to be more consistent in your recipes across your expansions!. Having tried most of the top restaurants in Pittsburgh (and in NYC), I can safely say that this is one of my favorites. The dishes are creative (a rarity in our fine city) and always delicious. I've now been here twice and have every intention of going back. 

I highly recommend the various Ceviches (especially the Octopus), the Robata Grill Bacon & Quail Egg (unlike anything I've had before), the Lamb Lollipops (cooked just right), and the Tamari sushi roll (an explosion of flavor). And, speaking of sushi, I think I need to go back and just try that all the different rolls...they all look amazing!

Enjoy.  

PS. Don't forget to order dessert....made fresh next door at Dozen.. For the general aviation pilot, there are few airport eateries that really impress, but this place is one of the better ones I've come across.

The food is surprisingly high on the quality. I had the club sandwich which was, as club sandwiches go, quite excellent. My buddy had the pastrami sandwich which he swore was one of the best he'd ever had.

The service is good and usually quite friendly. The prices are pretty reasonable. The place is clean and nicely decorated, and the view is awesome.. Nice relaxing place to chill play a few bucks ..... Pretty quiet most of the time which makes it better. So this is not a new hotel by any stretch and it is not fancy.  Probably could use some renovation and it's in a pretty rough part of town.  Some if not all of the guests would not fit into the posh Scottsdale resorts.

So having said all that, this is probably our go to spot when staying in Phoenix.  Although not fancy it is nice enough and clean enough.  For a large family it's also the best value.  For just over $100 a night most times you get a large suite, large pool for the kids, two hour free cocktail time in the evening (very nice), and excellent free breakfasts.  The cocktail time and breakfast alone are worth $100 easily for our gang.. Over the 6 years that I've known Karen, she has helped my wife and I sell two houses and purchase one.  The only reason she didn't help us buy a 2nd house was because we were moving to an apartment out of state.

She is a fantastic negotiator, and pushes hard to get you the things you want in a contract.

Karen is always on top of details, and knows the business extraordinarily well to make sure everything goes smoothly.  I've worked with other realtors in the past where you wonder if they are missing something, or some detail will be overlooked which could cause everything to get messed up.  With Karen, I slept awesome at night knowing that she was always looking out for our best interests and had everything taken care of.

I can't recommend her more!. really good salsa. portions are enormous. Food came out clean (little grease) and was delicious.  Prices are a tad high, but goes along with giant portions.. As long as I have lived in Las Vegas I had never dined at Hofbrauhaus. Very glad to say I have finally done so and look forward to going back again! Have plenty of friends who rave about it and it lived up to my expectations. 

Service was great, staff were friendly and helpful. Food was great. I along with a few friends ordered #365. They always order that and after checking the menu I decided to give it a try. Loved it. 

This is not for a quiet dinner. If that is what you were looking for then you chose wrong and it's not their fault. That's like saying you go to Oktoberfest to read books and relax. No, you go to have fun and drink. That is what Hofbrauhaus provides. A fun place for drinking and good German food. Very simple formula and since it's been here for quite a few years now, they must be doing it right. 

Look forward to going back again soon!. Ive been eating here since I was a kid. Great square cut pie at a great price. If youre a fan of crunchy square pizza, i would recommend giving The King a try!. Delicious! They offer great Chicken and Vegetable Unbaked Pies.  I recommend that wrap the edges of the pie with tin foil to prevent over cooking.  The owner is very nice and helpful. If you call ahead, they will bake the pie for you.. John was very professional and quick to tend to us, we got my son's screen on his phone fixed quite quickly!  Hopefully we don't have any other problems, but if we do we know where we are going!  Back here!. Yummy yummy.
Soup is fresh and delicious.
A little expensive but it deserves.
It is not easy to find, go straight in along the left.. Like the Town Square location they've got an impressive beer selection and a diverse menu. The first time I stopped by last month the wait was ridiculous so I ended up leaving. But this past weekend I got a seat for lunch in no time. The food is decent all around. The moo shu egg rolls were tasty and the cuban pork sandwich was large and delicious. If you like the food and beer of the other locations, you'll like it here as well. Lots of HD TVs around the place and apparently lots of World Cup fans as there was a good sized contingent of Spanish supporters cheering as they beat Paraguay.. Always enjoyed this place. Good hotdogs with various toppings. Huge beer selection!!! Really, really nice staff! Is it a bar? Is it a restaurant? Is it a beer-to-go place? Is it all three? Yes, and it is awesome!!!!. Definitely a 5 star Company and Technician

I researched Hays cooling and heating on review sites in 2010 and called them to replace my aging Heat pump which was over 30 years old. They replaced the heat pump and the air handling system with a Trane system.  I also had them install a Trane CleanEffects electronic air cleaner.

Recently the air cleaner started to present error codes which the owner's manual service guide indicated was probably a faulty Field Charger. The unit was still under warranty for the part through Trane. I called Hays because they did a great job installing the whole system initially and they still have a 5 star rating on the rating sites. Mike S. came out within the time frame promised on Wed.Sept,9th, 2015. He diagnosed the issue as a faulty field charger and ordered the part. The office promptly called back 2 days later to schedule the follow up call for Tues Sept. 15th to install the part. Mike was scheduled to arrive between 11 am and 1 pm. The office called shortly before 11 am and advised that Mike was running late on his current call and rescheduled for the 1 to 3 pm time frame. Mike arrived around 1 pm and installed the part and stayed about 20 minutes to make sure no errors would display and that the issue was fixed. The original trip call was waived and I was charged only labor which was very reasonable. Great Company, Great service, Great technician.. Portillo's has to be the best place for lunch ever! I love the Italian beef w/ sweet peppers, cheeseburger, hot dog and onion rings. I even tried the tamale at the same time.
If I lived closer, then I would come here every week. The food is exactly the same as it was in Chicago. Excellent!. I was looking for a nice gluten-free restaurant close to Mesa and Il Vinaio popped up. It was my boyfriend's birthday and he has celiac so I had to be pretty picky about finding a place. I read the reviews on here about how conscious the staff is about their gluten-free dishes and knew we had to try it. Our server was very friendly and we were seated immediately. The place itself was very clean and inviting. It looked like it was a remodeled church (could just be the stained glass windows that gave me that feel). The place was not very busy, but we arrived at around 5:00pm and people began to trickle in after us. 

We both ordered a beer. My boyfriend ordered one of their gluten free selections while I asked for a hefeweizen (which they did not have so they suggested another beer on tap). We both LOVED our beers. I wish I could remember the name of mine because I would drink it regularly.

The food was just as exceptional as the drinks. We ordered two appetizers of gluten-free bruschetta (one regular and one Vinaio). I HIGHLY recommend the Vinaio bruschetta. It has pesto, goat cheese, caramelized figs, and candied pecans. YUMMY! The sweetness was great with the saltiness of the pesto and beer! My boyfriend ordered the Antelope Burger while I ordered the Lobster mac & cheese because when you see those on the menu, you kind of HAVE to order them, right? We both loved our entrees! Astounding service and remarkable food in the convenient setting of downtown Mesa!

Celiac and gluten allergy sufferers rejoice! Il Vinaio will do you right!. Ah, back in Pittsburgh after seven years. Actually, I've been back for a few months, but hey, I had to hit all my fave spots again before I could start cranking out the reviews. You understand.

Anyway, what I really want you to know is that Sarafino's is my favorite Italian restaurant, period. They're just as excellent now as they were before I moved. Not that I was worried they'd change, but it's good to know that this place has stuck to its menu and terrific daily specials.

Sarafino's is small and cozy, and as cliched as it might sound, it feels like family. The staff are always friendly and inviting, the owner a great guy who cares about his establishment. It's always seemed like a hidden gem tucked away in Crafton, and maybe that's the best thing about it. There are a ton of Italian restaurants around Pittsburgh, and Sarafino's is in a league of its own, off the beaten path.

So what's great here? Everything I've tried. The bread that is brought to the table has the best dipping oil I've ever had. It's sweeter than other places, and one could be forgiven for filling himself up on the bread alone. But that's just for starters. The famous greens and beans are just the thing if you're looking for something on the spicier side, and the wedding soup and pasta fagioli are fantastic.

My favorite thing on the menu, though, is the gnocchi. I've never had better. It literally melts in your mouth, which is what a great gnocchi should do. It's never chewy, never tough. I always get mine in the roasted red pepper sauce (there are plenty of other sauces to choose from; they're all tasty) with meatballs. And man, I love Sarafino's meatballs. They're one of a kind, milder than others, but perfectly complement the dish, while also soaking up the flavor of the main entree.

The seared steak panini and grilled steak salad are also must-haves. And the pizza? My fave in the 'burgh! A nice, thin crispy crust with a sweet sauce base and delicious toppings of your choice. Then there are the daily specials. The crab cakes with portobella mushroom on the side are amazing. Nothing but crab meat, no filler! And if they have the lasagna, you cannot miss out on that. It will split your mind open in a revelatory fashion, I kid you not. Then there's the veal parm, the ravioli...you get the idea.

So for those of you who actually favor joints like The Olive Garden or Bucca di Beppo, knock it off. This is the real deal. Of course, those of us in the know don't mind keeping Sarafino's all to ourselves. But you'd be missing out on one of the best if you didn't stop by.. We ate here on 8/5/2014 and 8/6/2014.

I'm giving this place 5 stars because my wife can't say enough about it and we have friends who eat here EVERY DAY when they vacation in Scottsdale.  They rave over the sundaes and the veggie burgers.  If it was just me, I'd give it 4 stars.

On our first visit, my wife got the veggie burger (which is made on site) and she said it was the best she's ever had.

I am a burger and fries guy and I found the hickory burger to be flavorful and cooked properly.  They don't give you many fries but this seems to be the norm for upscale restaurants.

What makes this place for me is the ambiance and the excellent, attentive, friendly wait staff.  ALL the waiters are very friendly, not just YOURS who is looking for a good tip.  You can tell the difference when friendliness is part of their training.

We did share a hot fudge sundae.  You should get a hot fudge sundae.  Here's the thing about those.  You get a generous helping of ice cream, whipped cream, and then your own pitcher of what I can only assume is their own chocolate sauce.  I have had better tasting sauces, but no one has ever let me decide how much sauce I want on it, so the pitcher on the side was pretty cool.  I happen to like a lot of sauce so I added more sauce every couple of bites.

Note... we returned late the next night for another round of Sundaes.  We each got our own.  This is when I found out they had whipped cream.  My wife, apparently, ate the whipped cream on our first one without me noticing.. Most days we will bathe our dogs, trim their nails and even cut their hair. But then there are times when we are just feeling lazy. The problem is that taking them to get this done at our usual place takes far too much work - yes, you read that right. Getting the dog into the car and dropping them off elsewhere to get someone else to take care of all their pampering needs is too much work.

So it is a wonderful thing that Tiffany's has opened up just around the corner from our house. We can call over - or even pop in if we are already out and about - and find out if they have an opening, and if they do we'll be there in no time flat, and quickly our little one will be returned to us looking as fine as ever.

Even better is that he actually likes going there - it seems to be a combination of liking the stylists and not having to ride far!. Top notch service at normal prices!  Great food.  Patio is quite pleasant.  Big fan!!. Awesome Thai food!  Same as the main restaurant, but with a pared-down menu, which consists of the most popular 15 menu items from the mothership.  All of the curry dishes are spectacular, especially the Panang, and I am a huge fan of their Thai fried rice!  Piece of advice: don't order the Pad Thai.  I know- Pad Thai is the quintessential Thai dish, so that might be your initial inclination.  The Pad Thai is just ok- but the rest of the menu is phenomenal!. All things for the mother to be.. My wife and I love gyros, but getting a good one is a hit or miss affair.  I'm happy to report, this place is a definite hit.  I've had gyros in many places, but none better than this.  The meat was tender, flavorful, and plentiful- the real thing off a rotisserie.  The tzatziki was creamy, and the pita was soft and fresh.  For 6.99 you get a combo with a soda and choice of Greek Salad or fries.  We both had the salad and were not disappointed, the dressing was flavorful without being overly tart.
We haven't had the baklava yet- we brought that home to enjoy with coffee later, but it looks divine.  The brownie that we also brought home with the same intention somehow is now somehow half as big as when we left the restaurant.  Hmmm, wonder how that happened.  Probably has something to do with the fact that it was fabulous.  And it was just two bucks!
The only thing this place doesn't have is great atmosphere, but I don't see that as a negative; if it did, it would just make it more expensive, and it's perfect, just the way it is.  And the staff is super-friendly, too.
We're already looking forward to going back.. I would like to write a review on the Gathering Grounds StarBucks shop. The barista's are amazing. They make the best Hot coco ever. It is always a happy enviorment and it really does feel like the hit TV show Cheers where everyone knows everyones name. Great job Gathering Grounds!!!. Simply amazing I'd say.  It is every bit tasty and delicious just like Cheesecake but the prices aren't as high.  After a good night clubbing and walking down the strip for a late night bite, coming to Grand Lux is exactly the place to be.  Although the wait can be long especially for the late night crowd, this place gets pack so be ready for a long wait if you have a big party like ours.

We couldn't decide on what to eat for the longest time but the server ended up deciding for us on a pasta w/ sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, chicken with some sort of alfredo sauce.  I have to admit that the first bite took me to the Pearly Gates and back. This is an unforgettable place and I'm glad the recommendation lived up to it's hype.  =). Electric Cabaret reminds me of being 17 and going to Manchester for a Marilyn Manson gig with a couple of my pals. Two of us turned up to get the coach at Glasgow Queen Street, in jeans and black t-shirts, to find that every single one of our co-travellers (including our other pal) dressed head to toe like extras from the Rocky Horror Show. It's the only time I've ever felt particularly awkward about my stiff upper lip.

I was a bit too pissed to fully appreciate the gig, but he played my favourite song so I left happy and all the other angsty adolescents were perfectly welcoming despite my more mainstream appearance.

Anyway, there seems to be a huge demand for shops like this in Edinburgh, with their part heavy metal, part saucy thing going on. This one ticks all the boxes for anyone whose parents just don't understand them and is a little more sanitised than some of its seedier rivals.

All present and correct then.. Fran!!!! That was my version of a shout out. This menu is full of so much good comfort food that it's hard to decide every time I go. Only 10 or so small tables in the restaurant, but no worries, I feel at home at the bar ordering from there and watching whatever on the one TV in the joint. 

Fried pickles, bacon wrapped tater tots, burgers, "thanksgiving dinner", amazing salads and homemade desserts...the list continues. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town and I continue to brings friends and family here each time they visit. 

Make sure you talk to Fran when you're there as she's always walking the tables are standing at the end of the bar throwing out her recommendations for the day. I end up always listening and enjoying everything that comes out of the kitchen.. Came to Vegas again and had to stop by my favorite Thai Restaurant of all time. Still yummy as hell, taste is so consistent. I've never had such consistent great foods ever! Still 5 stars from me. I am staying for 3 days in this trip and guess how many times I came out of 3 days? If you guess 5 times, you are correct. I wish there's an Atchi's in OC, Ca, ot will do so well. Just from me and my referrals alone. I don't live here and I even refer them tons of customers and eveey single one of them loves it. Also, gave them a bunch of referrals afterwards and so on.. Very good had pot stickers chicken , spring rolls and there banh mi sandwich with pork meatballs All very tasty. Some of the best potstickers I have had in awhile. Service was great .has been open for 2 months and I will be back for sure .menu looks great.very clean place.. I would rather go here for coffee over Starbucks. 
Try the coconut latte.. :) yum. Oh you fancy huh? I like fancy, what's Vegas if you can't go all out now and again?

I was whisked away for my birthday weekend and when it came to dinner on Saturday I knew it'd be large. My lady doesn't skimp, especially around birthday times. So wherever we ended up I was positive I'd be in for a treat and Okada was definitely on the money.

Love the interior; calm, upscale, swanky kinda feel you'd expect from a top restaurant at the Wynn. Gorgeous setup, great call having windows facing the waterfall, it's hypnotizing. Love the displayed sake bottles across the wall too, just taunting me towards alcoholism. 

Food wise even though the menu was meat heavy there are a plethora of vegan options. I feel like a lot of high end restaurants are inflexible on their menu, saying "Hey, this is our menu, take it or leave it." But Okada gave a separate menu where they had all their vegan items listed out, and on top of that the server gave me a slew of additional options that were on the standard menu and could be altered to fit the vegan way. Lack of butter here, leaving out the bonito there. I sipped my crazy good ginger soju cocktail while perusing the menus. With the special selections and alterations I was offered there were WAY too many things for me to try which is definitely a good thing. If you have a loved one that has any other major allergen, fish/soy/wheat/etc they have a special menu for them too. Awwww, they do care.

Just a great time, the mushroom salad specifically blew me away. I swear I'd roll through again and just order 5 of those, I got it sans butter of course. Mouthwatering type of deliciousness those mushrooms.

Ended with a nice glass of VSOP and a complimentary bowl of sorbets, everything perfect. They even spelled out 'happy birthday' drizzled in chocolate around the bowl. 

Good times thanks to Okada, but more importantly of course, thanks to my lady.. We've been to Fitzgerald's three times since my son started at UW.  We were looking for a place to get a good steak that was more of a homey, comfortable place rather than the upscale/glitz offered at a number of other steakhouses in the Madison area.  We were happy with our choice.  If you are looking for upscale/glitz or culinary innovation, this isn't the place for you.  The look is a little dated, but clean and well cared for.  I'm a little old fashioned I guess, when I go to a restaurant it is for the meal and not the "experience."  

Between myself and my family over the three visits we had a number of entrees, including prime rib, filet mignon, broasted chicken, barbeque ribs and fettuccini alfredo.  My daughter reported the fettuccini as mediocre, but each of the other entrees was tasty, cooked to specifications and well portioned.  We tried most of the side dishes and the only one we would not order again was the rice.  We had several appetizers including cheese curds and onion rings; all were very good.  Fresh, warm bread was served (and more offered when it was finished) and the soup/salad bar, while not extensive, was very good.  Prices weren't cheap, but were reasonable for what we got.  Service was very good without the pretentiousness we've encountered at more upscale places.  

Not the place for everyone, I'm sure, but we were very happy with it and I'm sure we will go again the next time we are in town.  The Sunday brunch looks very interesting, I'd like to try that.. First let me say how excited I am that there is Korean BBQ on this side of town. Absolutely pumped. We've been twice already since it opened. The service was really good the first time, and kinda shotty the second time. It was a little slow, but if you order enough each round, you typically have no problem flagging someone down before your food is gone. I also felt like I needed to ask for every little thing (rice, lettuce, sides, etc.) and they were way less busy the second time so I'm not sure what was going on. There are also a ton of options and variety which is great (wish they had 1 or 2 more veggie options). They will gladly let you switch your grill top or you can ask for oil if the grill top starts to make everything taste burnt due to older food sticking on it. Highly recommend this to anyone who lives on this side of town.. Best sushi in town!! Super spacious. Great for happy hour with the guys or a romantic dinner with the girl.  Plenty of tv's to catch the game on weekends. Check or the happy hour specials! I had the bull roll which was a play on surf and turf.  Bulgogi and crab in one roll!  How does life get any better!. I have been visiting Red Robin for years and am constantly pleased with it. Having been a customer here on countless occasions I would say the 95% of my visits here have meet my expectations and 5% were a little under. As I have said in a few of my other reviews everywhere has its off days.

Being a frequent customer here I walk in knowing what I am gonna get. I always sit down order my drink and a few baskets of their BOTTOMLESS Steak Fries which come with any burger order. I almost never order an appetizer but when I do they are a taste treat :) I have tried 90% of the burgers on the menu and my all time favorite is the Bruschetta Chicken Burger. The Garlic Fries are a great addition to the plate and the burger itself is amazing. Another good choice is the Royal Red Robin Burger. I love eating here the price is right and I always leave stuffed of what I was expecting!. Overall a superb experience.  I'm surprised by all the complaints about service, but if you come here and order grey goose and cranberry they will treat you accordingly.  Dinner for two came out to a pricey $650, started with negronis to drink, frittura mista to eat, then a massive tasting menu that lasted hours.  Waiters were super friendly native Italians, hilarious, warm, and chatty, with superb knowledge and strong opinions of the various aperitifs and digestifs. Had a really nice time at this location. I booked it through an Amazon deal but realized there wasn't that big of a price difference between
LSI regular rates and the Amazon deal.  As for the perks that were supposedly included I could have gotten on my own. Anyways aside from that I loved the junior suite and balcony overlooking the strip. It was really clean and the jacuzzi tub was the perfect size.  On top of that the hotel is connected to the MGM, Signature etc. so there wasn't a need to drive anywhere. Just pack some cute walking shoes, head on out and get your on!. i love this place.  crispy taco's.  machaca burrito's.  killer rice and beans.  if you're looking for a trendy upscale mexican place - this is not it.  if you're looking for a place for a marghi in a super dark bar on hot summer day - run to this place!  You wont be disappointed.. Food was very fresh and tasty. The owner personally made a complimentary dish for us to try. Great experience overall.. If you like burgers and had one of these yet stop waiting best burger I ever had hands down. 

Way more fries than I can eat. The drink machine is the bomb. Went a few days ago, shortly after their opening. Did not see their sign, but we found the place by the crowd in front.  Every seat at the bar and all tables were taking. We found some spa e at the bar and ordered some drinks. No surprise, given their name, as they have a number of different margaritas. I went with the "Rustic" which was supposed to be a little spicy, but did not register on my heat index. Ordered the grilled fish tacos, which were great! The place had a good vibe to it, with hip music adding to the experience. Finally, our server, Michelle was friendly and efficient, so the staff had obviously been well trained.. The White Rabbit is an amazing Filipino fusion spot recently opened in Vegas, don't sleep on this spot, everything is Fire! I would say have this or that but everything is a must have here!!! The staff is coo too.... Holy schnitzel!!! I grew up in Stuttgart & Neu Ulm Germany...military brat...and I had been jonesing for German food that I didn't have to cook. 

The second I stepped in to the Hofbrauhaus the polka band smacked me in the face, then I got a whiff of the food...ooo wee. The serving fraulein asked what I wanted to drink...HA! BIER!!! 1L bier! 

We had such a blast. The atmosphere, the food, the band...crazy awesome!. Buddy text me to go to Shake Shack. Said it is opening today (Mon, Dec 29 2014) @ 11am PST. 

I just had buffet at M Hotel. 4 rounds of entrees, and 2 rounds of desert.

Like I soldier, I go to Shake Shack 2 hours later. Gotta do it. Stomach pump me later!

You've had these burgers before. They are sometimes under the names of Jim's, Jakes, Hi-Life, Johnny's, or any burger joints you find on the roadside. It's the same thing, but perfected. Delicious. Seasoned and grilled at the right temperature. Fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and toasted buns.

There's a shakesauce but I think it's just thousand islands. Not sure.

You've also never experienced a roadside joint like this. It's upscale for this type of food and a fun decor. They also gave me a hamburger wristband during my visit!! You'll be paying upscale prices and that's my beef with this place. Whereas with Jim's you can get a combo for $5. Here? Double that.

Is it worth twice the amount? Are you getting whoppered if you do? $10 for the perfect roadside burger once or twice a year I would do in a heartbeat. I wish I had room for the ice cream. I heard that's really good.. Ruff Housing Doggie Day Care is the best place bar none  to leave your pet.  Michael accommodates every need I have  for my dog, whether it be medications, or separate feeding areas Mike can accommodate you.  He has no hidden fees, and his prices are the best value in Las Vegas.  I have called him in emergency situations 2 hours prior to booking an appointment and he has always been able to accommodate me.   He treats the animals as his own, and my dog is often more excited to see him than he is me when I drop him off.  This is dog heaven for my German Shepherd and when he finally comes home he is ready for sleep.  These dogs are brought to the dog park every day, and any specific schedule your dog needs for feeding or etc. will be met.  This service is an absolute gift in the Las Vegas area, and receives my highest rating.  I now only use Mike for the care of my dog.  Highest recommendations!!. I ordered the lobster Benedict and it was heaven with each bite.  I will come back to this place every time we come to Vegas for that Lobster Benedict!  Everyone else in our party loved their food too!. Ok.. Seriously, you should know what you are going to get food wise if you are going to a Maggiano's.  Big Portions, big belly, and a big doggy bag.  They serve whale size meals there.. It's awesome for us gluttons.  Other than that, I want to comment on the service.  I was so impressed with the service that I had to get my waiter's full name to throw up here on Yelp.  Robert Bouche.  Ask for ROBERT BOUCHE.  He was wonderful.  Completely took care of us without being slightly annoying.  His suggestions were thoughtful and relevant to what we told him we liked.  It was a real treat to have a such a good server.  It really does make the experience a whole lot better.  Enjoy!

-Ian M.. Good cut, great lining!. Solid four stars.  Great service, great food, a lot of food, quickly for a great price.  Environment wasn't as nice as the Wok Box, but man, the food was sooooo much better.  We'll be back!. The only bad thing about this place is that if you don't know where it is you will be looking for a bit ( it is in the Plaza ) asking people that work on Fremomt was almost pointless but once I found it and got my Slice for less than $5 Might add ,I Love Pizza and I will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas !. Breakfast. It's easy to screw up. Even easier to make it a boring, forgettable meal.

If The Good Egg is the Coldplay of breakfast joints (see that review), Butterfield's is Reign in Blood era Slayer. 100% awesome.

The food is really good (example: California Scramble). The staff is attentive and mostly not annoying. The wait on weekends gets a little long, but who cares? You'll be glad you stuck around.. Our company worked with the owners and staff at Bentley's on 27 to host a 100+ dinner event. From the very beginning (months before the dinner) to after the event, we received the top quality service. The owners and staff were accommodating, friendly, helpful, flexible, and truly a joy to work with.

The food and drinks - FANTASTIC! Everything was delicious. If I get back to Charlotte, I will definitely be having dinner here again. 

A perfect place for a special occasion!. Just found this place. Wife was sick of Blue Moon and wanted a different and better Hefenweizen. Very pleased. We went back the very next day to get more. Love the selection for a small shop. The big box stores are pricey and not close to home. We'll be returning customers for sure. Just hope they stay in business.. Aunty's Kitchen provides tasty, budget-conscious South-Asian food in a quick-service restaurant environment.

My friends at Westmount Signs recommended I come here to try out this new restaurant, opened only since December, and I was not disappointed.  The food was very flavourful and spicy and I was pleasantly surprised by the large portion size for a $6.99 Chicken Karahi.  They also have a special for any 6 dishes on their menu for $35 including tax and delivery.

My only complaint is that their hours of operation are somewhat restrictive.  They are not open Saturday at lunchtime or on Sundays... but everyone needs a break, even Aunty!. Sorry, guys...this place is CLOSED. So sad...really liked the food and the service was great. Maybe moved somewhere else?. The people here are very knowledgeable. Dave the barber always does a great job and is defiantly worth the prices. Gloria and Heather are also amazing, they know so much about everything at the store that they were able to help my wife pick the right makeup for her. Check this place out if you wanna get your lady or yourself something nice while staying at the Palazzo.. This place is great. The dishes I chose were green beans and also I got a spicy lamb sandwich. OMG this is great and addictive.. I came here looking for something fresh.  I found it tastily packaged in an easygoing ambience for a couple extra bucks.

The menu is simple but interesting.  Of the items I tried -- salads and the enchiladas -- they were ample portions and well-executed.  There are other items on the menu that would make me want to go back to try.

No complaints.. I'll admit, despite all the times I've been here, my knowledge of the menu is somewhat limited. So I'll stick to what I know and give you my impressions.

The pluses: 

 - The $10 wine list is fantastic. While there's not a ton on it, it's awesome to be able to get a good bottle of wine for a tenner. 
 - There are several appetizers that I would recommend; I've never had a bad experience with any of them. Personal favorite would be the hummus platter, but the wings are good, as are pierogies. And for the Lord's sake, get yourself some waffle fries with whatever you're eating.
 - The burgers are among the best in town (IMHO). There are others I prefer, but these guys know how nail the difference between rare and medium rare, and the flavors are terrific. Also, if you're carb-conscious, you can get what they call a "Steakburger dinner," where you get the burger and fixings without a bun, plus a salad and vegetables. Pretty durn good.
 - The salads are also delicious, though monstrously large. If you're eating salad to cut back on calories, probably don't bother here. But if you eat salad LIKE A BOSS, then go for this.

The minuses:

 - It gets awfully crowded and can be difficult to get a seat at times. (Though, service never seems to suffer from this.)
 - It's on Craig Street, which means you might have to knife-fight some Carnegie Mellon students for a parking spot.
 - Not a huge fan of the decor. I don't mind dim, but this seems a little underlit. (In the restaurant; the bar is actually fine.). Great space, prompt service, good fare, and live music. 
Great for gathering friends. Reasonable prices.. We were eating in less than 5 minutes. Might be the best mexican food I ever had. Friendly staff and perfect food. Anyone not giving it 5 stars probadly prefers Chevys or Chipotle.  I'm 100% Mexican and I approve this message.. Love the fun 50s ambiance. The burgers and fries are great and I'm able to get a burger served in a lettuce leaf if I don't feel like a bun. If can get messy, but it's a delicious mess.. Great little boutique.  All bridesmaid gowns.  Very pretty, nice lines, a bit more expensive 200-300 on average but honestly the quality is worth it (some of the cheaper lines at other stores just bring out every bump and flaw you have).  I only saw the girl at the front desk but she was very helpful and pleasant, made me feel comfortable.  I think I'm planning to buy at another salon because I liked the dress color there better, but I still wanted to review Twirl.. Very good food. An accuired taste for sure. A lot of variety and very delicious. 4 stars. Stopped by this past Sunday to pick up a surprise catered lunch for our staff.  We got 4 racks of ribs, pulled chicken, mac n cheese, and potato salad.  Everything was really good, but the ribs were exceptional.  A bunch of our crew is planning on hitting this place up for dinner with their families now because it was so good.  Great Job Rowdy BBQ.  I'll be back!!!. Visited here for lunch.  It was pretty busy, and they haven't been opened for very long.

First, the interior is very nice, modern, upmarket and if you remember "Osteria 100" it is located in the same space.  Much of the interior has remained the same, including the small bar located on the left hand side of the restaurant as you enter.

The prices are fantastic!  A BLT for $5.25 with chips.  Most sandwiches $5 to $10.  1/2 pound bacon cheeseburger with french fries for $9.25.  The majority of the lunch menu is under $10.

I had the bacon cheeseburger and it was pretty good.  Seasoned properly, nice toasted bun, good cheese, tasty bacon, and really no complaints at all.  The french fries were crispy and good.

The service was fantastic, really friendly and efficient.  The food was delivered very quickly given how busy the restaurant was.

While I think the food quality is probably 4-star, the value really puts this place over the top.  You can get a solid sit-down meal in nice surroundings for about $10 + tax + tip.  That's pretty solid.

The meal was cheaper than some of my deli to-go meals that have considerably less overhead!

This is a great place to take your co-workers, including those who don't want to spend $20 on lunch on the more expensive places in nearby Market Square!. I love this pool party! My friends and I have a cabana every Sunday and we always have a blast! The staff is incredible and always delivers exceptional service! The DJs definitely know how to get people moving and there's eye candy everywhere you look!. Small portions so you have to order like 5 plates of beef tongue to equal 1 normal plate at other places. food is pretty good but the line is always long. Super cool museum for music lovers. Even for just American instruments it's a treat. Tons of guitars, banjos, drums and more. As a guitar nerd, I was super pleased with the selection of instruments and rock and roll memorabilia on display. Audio was cool throughout too!. Ho-Hum......just another five star review. But really folks, to see true rock stars performing our favorite rock anthems PERFECTLY at a price a whole lot cheaper than any of the cirque shows (or most any other show in Vegas) is UNBELIEVABLE!
My only apology is to those who sat around me because I just couldn't keep quiet and sit in my chair for a show like this. I'm 57 but, for two hours, felt 18 all over again.  Just great!
I'm alrady bugging the wife about our next trip to Vegas just to see these guys again.. Big portions for the price and the food was really good. I had the sweet and sour pork and loved it.. I've eaten at various Sammy's in the past, however this was my first time eating here. We tried to order from here a few weeks prior to no luck as they didn't have some of the menu items I typically order.
We did however order some salads & decided to pass on the happy hour, which is pretty awesome! It's half off tapas & $2 off beers & wines from 3-6pm.
The request was for no cheese on one of the 2 salads. The salad came up for it to be delivered. Either the server didn't put in the special order originally or the chef didn't read the ticket entirely. I overheard the server Steve S. state 'this was ordered w/ no cheese' so the crisis was avoided. The person is allergic to dairy. It was good that we were sitting by the kitchen to over here the avoidance.
Another great experience at Sammys!. This is an amazing vegan restaurant! The menu is so creative (a Big Whak, with special sauce)! Can't wait to go back yet I hope the staff realizes what customer service is. I felt I was doing them a favor for being there. Also, we were there for almost 20 minutes and the staff didn't bother wiping down a spill at a nearby empty table the entire time. Granted, the place was busy yet I think wiping a spill doesn't require hours of time.. I went here for lunch today. The duck fat fried hash brown with egg and bacon was amazing! 

Thick cut bacon with what I believe was a maple glaze.

I also had a crepe with salmon and cream cheese. I wasn't completely happy with the crepe texture it was a little too chewy for my liking. 

I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for something better than your typical diner! 

Also All that food was less than 15 bucks !. Maria our waitress was super. Made a couple of recommendations that were just delicious. We split a mashed potato and bacon omelette and a chicken enchilada omelette. Very very good. I was skeptical of the mashed potato omelette but it turned out to be ta awesome start of my day. Coffee is good, service is lightning fast! Highly, highly recommended.  This app is the best. A total necessity when traveling. In yelp we trust!!!. becoming a fan of the mcfrappes and smoothies. mcnuggets are always a good choice and easy to eat. drive thru os always busy go inside to avoid the wait. one time they made me park around the corner to give me my shamrock shake.. It is a Harris Teeter - you know what you are getting.  I love their fresh produce selection, that is why I go here.  The staff is friendly and the shopping experience is delightful.... 2nd branch of Monta Ramen.  Exactly like Monta in terms of food, with a few appetizers that I've never seen being served at the Spring Mountain location.  Same flavorful broth, same generous noodle portions.

It's slightly bigger and cozier than Monta, but I'm not sure how full it gets because I've never eaten here during peak hours.  They're also closed in the afternoon, from 2:30-5:00, which is a bit of a bummer.. I really dig this place - its a small, charming place that isn't overdone and doesn't take itself too serious...definitely a romantic vibe, and a nice break from a lot of the Old Town restaurants. 

The wine prices are super cheap, in part because they sell wine for retail prices, and they'll usually let you sample a few wines before you pick your bottle for the evening.

For food, I love the house salad with gorgonzola dressing - I'd buy the gorgonzola dressing by the bottle if I could. For pizza, the vegetarian or the 5 cheese pizza are both great - if you love cheese, definitely go for the 5 cheese (cinque formaggi).

We've been a few times now and will be back again soon.. Great atmosphere. Perfect sushi restaurant for after work drinks and a quick bite. The location on South Boulevard is nice and yet parking is still OK. The sushi is not cheap, but the quality and art of sushi is what you expect from a high end sushi restaurant. I am not an elitist so I prefer the cool atmosphere with the quality in the food. If it were more stuffy or "quite" I would not like Nikko as much.

Almost my fav spot in Charlotte, but definitely up there.... We live in an older home and need to replace a built in oven, after some research on-line I found 2 or 3 models that would work but want to see one before buying.  
Our first stop was Spencer's.  
First, our sales person was Derrick McWilliams, THANKS DERRICK!  He was extremely helpful and ruled out a couple of my choices for size issues.  He took the time to find the right sized unit to fit into a very narrow cabinet.  The oven was just the right fit in two dimensions and the height was shorter making space for another drawer!  With a larger oven and Microwave than the previous unit and a over $1,000 under MSRP.  Now, nobody pays MSRP, but the discount was till strong.  

We were able to schedule the install for the next day and received a call around 8:00 AM the next morning.  Victor and Francisco showed up in the time window and had the old oven out in about 15 minutes.  Now since the unit replaced was over 25 years old, they had to make adjustment to the opening for the oven.  Victor measured everything at least 4 times and made sure that they cut away as little as possible to get an attractive fit.   He worried about the cabinet and the fit as much as I did and took great care to make sure I was satisfied at every step.  So, Thanks VICTOR AND FRANCISCO!!.  

We were extremely satisfied with the sales process and installation.  Now I have a few gripes NOT connected to Spencer's.

REVIEWERS:

First, ask questions so you are clear on what you are buying and the services they provide.

Second, don't blame the store if YOU didn't inspect the appliance and installation.  That's your job, make sure before you sign.

Third, don't blame the vendor if the product is defective, it's not his fault.  They just sell from a catalog or a floor model that they probably never used, go online and READ the reviews.  

Fourth, The Manufacture's warranty is in the literature you got and applies up until any extended warranty you bought.  Don't expect the warranty to last forever.  "Secret" warranties went away long ago by act of Congress.  You may get parts or some compensation if you talk to the Mfg. customer service politely and explain your case, but that's a crap shoot, it depends on how much money was budgeted for Customer Service. 

Now if you read through these "reviews" and take out the cases that violate the four rules, Spencer's should get a 4 or 4.5.  Yelp should allow reviews to be reclassified into the correct areas with comments by other reviewers.  Worthless 'stuff' that does not pertain to the vendor to be marked as such and removed from the reviews.. They were timely in response to my initial inquiry. I needed to solve a water problem at my winter home. Jason came out the day after I called and we discussed what I was trying to accomplish as my scuppers were too short and water was coming back and dripping down the walls. He could have easily recommended an expensive water collection system but was honest and straightforward by telling me that extensions would serve the need and be relatively inexpensive. That did it for me. Two days later they were installed and they look great! I'm very pleased and would use them again and recommend them to friends.. These Guys just get it right,great burgers straight forward toppings hand cut fries.I've eaten here on more than a few occasions with the family and everyone loves it.Counter service is always polite and expeditious .Enjoy.. This place is just absolutely fantastic.  This is by far the number one Chinese restaurant that i go to in Chinatown, and that is saying something.  With all the competitions and big names out in sin city, this classic gem is the place to go for Chinese food.
First of all They close at 2 am, perfect for my coworkers and I to get a late night meal after work. They have a wide variety of  food, from the run of the mill to very exotic bites.  The prices are fantastic and the service is quick and easy.  Last week I took my friends there and we ordered Mongolian beef, jelly fish, salt and pepper squid, kung poq chicken, hong kong style noodles, pork chow mein, half of a bbq duck and walnut shrimp.  Everything came out quickly and nice and hot.  Hands down the best Chinese food you will get in vegas.. They came early for me so I could get to work. My spring had broken and the door was holding my car hostage. Doug was my tech, he had me off to work in no time and was finished in less than 30 minutes.. The sushi here is very good, but to be honest that was not the reason we went here.  This is a fun place to chill, have a few drinks, a few rolls and save a few bucks.  If I lived in Scottsdale I can imagine I would frequent here - no question.  It's not a large place, and I'm sure this place gets crowed at times. We went during an off time and It was great.  They staff was helpful, casual and I have to say -  extremely attractive.  Stop by here during happy hour or to grab a drink and a sushi roll as an app before dinner.  It's a fun place.. Collocated conveniently to Bruegger's bagels and Subway. Rewards program is great. If you ever need assistance at a hardware store, Ace is the Place!  For sure:

I often get tired of roaming around the big retail hardware stores looking for the right part or asking questions. Most of the staff a these places are either really experienced and never available, or the other side is a theoretical know it all who is available and really does not know too much.

At Ace, it is much smaller, however not:

a.  Service - 5 Star - Most of the staff with few exception are very, very knowledgeable about most things. There is usually an owner employee there that is available and has quite a bit of knowledge.

b.  Selection - 5 Star - OK, so they may not cary everything that the big boys carry, yet for day to day repairs and hard to find items, Ace does have a great selection. Hard to find bolts, nuts, parts, many of the things that you can spend hours trying to find at the big boys, it is easy to find at Ace.

c.  Location - 3 star - The Ace locations I know require a 10-15 minute drive, while the big box retailers like Home Depot or Lowes are often 5 minutes or less, so the location is a bit inconvenient.

Whenever I want service, quality advice, or want to feel valued, I will always pick Ace over the other two.  When I am lazy and just want a light bulb or something easy, I will go to Lowes or Home Depot...

GK says, when you need it, check out ACE.. i never thought id like ny thin crust pizza since im a chicago style fan. This place is very good, huge slices, tasty crust.. i will come back!. Th decor is somewhat like your in a strip club.. which i think is pretty cool, the  food on the menu is pricey compared to other places, but its because the entree are huge, i find it hard a lot of times to finish my food.  the average price of an entree is around $10 dollars. The place is always packed with people so arrive early if you planning on eating and doing a show or something.. i personally only gone in  for breakfast, and it gets packed sometimes to the point where there are people waiting outside.. Great place.  One of the best ramen spots in Las Vegas.

A bit different flavor from Monta Ramen.  I can't necessarily say which one is "better" because I enjoy them both.

Broth is on point, noodles are cooked perfectly, and the regular sized bowl will fill you up.  They offer a larger sizes as well.. This place is so dank. Probably my favorite buffet of all time. Quality and also quantity of the food is amazing. Service was also not bad. 

(Factoring in that this is a buffet..)

What to get..

Prime rib- Ranges from 3-5 stars. If you get a good cut it's tender, juicy and delicious. If you get a bad cut it could be a bit dry but still alright. 

King Crab Legs- 5 stars. These king crab legs were probably the best ones I've had at a buffet. Very fresh, not too salty, not too cold. 

Veal Ribs- 5 stars- Probably my favorite thing at the buffet. Meat was fall off the bone tender. 

Indian Chicken- 4.5 stars- Delicious. Moist, tender and seasoned perfectly. 

Salmon- 4 stars. Pretty bomb, make sure to slather the sauce they provide for you. 

Smoked Salmon- 4.3 stars. It was really good smoked salmon...

Create your own pasta- 4 stars

Creme Brulee- 4 stars (Bellagio's is better). 

Fried Chicken- 4 stars. It was some dank ass fried chicken. Meat was really moist and tender inside, and the skin was perfectly crisp and seasoned well. 

Pineapples- 5 stars. Theses were the best pineapples I've ever had. Not just at buffets. 

Mediocre Stuff

Soup noodles- 3 stars. The broth is great but I wasn't a fan of the noodles. The beef and toppings were pretty decent as well. 

Risotto- 2-4 stars. The first time I got it, it was really good but the second time for some reason it tasted kinda weird. 

Pizza- 3.5 stars. It was not bad but not to die for either. 

Gelato- It was cool that there was gelato at a buffet, but I've had better gelato. 

Kobe Meatloaf- 3.5 stars- It was pretty decent but the sauce was a bit much. 

Shrimp Cocktail- 3.5- Decent, good size, but I feel like I've had fresher shrimp. 

What not to get..

Turkey- 1.5 stars. Dry.. Great beers brewed on-site, dog-friendly, sports on TV, cornhole out back and a big deck to chill on. The staff is super friendly and happy to educate about their brewing process if you're interested (I was, thanks Kyle!) I will be returning next time I'm in town to check out the food trucks!. Nice new hotel just opened I don't know when but great design and outside architecture.
Inside decor is amazing.
Of course lot's of machines and tables for big bidders and small as well.

The staff there are courteous and it seems like people still keep on smiling no matter what the economy is heading towards to.

For a country to be said in debt, we still see people gmabling and try their luck at the Casino.:)

For you to find out more on youer next trip to Vegas:). This is where meat and kimchi lovers explode. I belong here. As I was getting my kimchi craving satiated, I overheard a couple talking. Obviously, it was the bf's first time.

Dude: "So, this is a restaurant where you have to like, cook your own meat?"

Girl: "Yup! You bring the meat to the table and cook!" Looks at him with the biggest smile, ever.

Dude: Looks lost and kinda grossed out. Holds up meat. "Oh. So, what is this?" Looks at the meat suspiciously.

Girl: "That's chicken"

Dude: "Are you sure? I bet it's cat."

Girl: "No! It's chicken."

Dude: Looks disgusted. "I bet it's cat. This whole buffet is cat. Cat!"

This exchange embodies cross-cultural clashes. I love it. 

A great and clean cook-it-yourself Korean bbq restaurant. It's so much better than rival Woo Che BBQ a few blocks west. 

The concept is straight forward: server heats up the grill; you choose from a buffet of uncooked meats, salads, appetizers, soups and bring it your table;  start grilling your meats, eat, and enjoy. Repeat. I loved it. The combination of fresh flavorful cooked meat and spicy fermented cabbage is deliciously intoxicating to my soul. I also enjoyed the cucumber salad, noodles, and pumpkin soup. I frequented so many times with the meat that a gentlemen next to our booth remarked, "I like your appetite!". Guilty. At $20+ per person (during dinner), I wanted my moneys worth, duh. My only gripe is that I wish they had more veggies to grill (i.e. eggplant, zucchini, bell peppers) and dessert options. Strawberries would've been a perfect ending. Service was friendly and our waitress helped clean the grill frequently. The blend of fresh ingredients, friendly service, and a funny overheard exchange permits a recommendation.. Probably the best bakery in Charlotte, behind polka-dot cupcakes, and open 24 hours!  Lots of variety and excellent dark chocolate deserts in bite-sized portions.  Great people watching late-night on weekends as people stop by for a chocolate nightcap.. Pizza is fantastic! My favorite is the white pizza, in my opinion it is by far the best. My friend who has celiac disease comes here with me and says that the gluten free food is top notch.. I ordered a large banner online from another company for my son's graduation from USAF boot camp.  When the banner came it didnt have grommets installed.  We didnt have enough time to send the banner back so I called Fast Signs to inquire about what it would cost to have the grommets installed.

You know what happened?  They graciously took car of everything at no charge.  I was honestly touched by what they did.  They certainly didnt have to offer me anything for free.  I would say if you need any type of sign or advertising.  Use this place, they are definitley military family friendly.

Thanks again Fast Signs!!!!!!

Sincerely,
Proud Air Force Family. Accounting is the stuff that nightmares are made of! Cristina and team does an incredible job of insulating me from that madness. 

AccountingProse lets me focus on what I love and not get bogged down in the details.  I would recommend them to anyone!. I was a little nervous about visiting a new dentist, especially since I was out of town. But I visited the location on 8/26/13. The place was very clean and there was no wait. I started my appointment 10 minutes early! The staff was very friendly and they even put on a movie so I can be entertained while they did all the X-rays. Dr Gullien did a great job of explaining the procedure and walk me through the entire process.  I had a root canal and one filling and it was 100 percent pain free. Dr Guillen was great and made sure I wasn't nervous or felt any pain. Definitely coming back and I would highly recommend. A good place to go. A local fixture in the borough. 

Opens early for the breakfast. Usually closes at 1 AM.

Has a full meal menu (including soup and desert) where you can eat for 10-12 dollars.. These guys know pizza. There are a few pizza options in Old Town but I would walk out of my way to go here. It's your standard fold in half and drip the grease into your mouth pizza, but that's exactly what I went when I come here and they always come through. 

Great for a quick lunch if your work in the area. Also it's another great end of the night meal if your at the bars/clubs in Old Town, there is usually a lot of people when the clubs close but guys it gives you one last shot to spit game when you failed all night on the dance floor.. We're in Henderson for a few days, and kind of in a bond as far as laundry goes, so I was hoping to find a decent place to get caught up. Deva's wasn't bad, and though some of the equipment was out of service, that's to be expected with that many washers and dryers. 

The large commercial washing machines cost $4.50 to run, and the small top-loaders are $1.75. The dryers are 25¢ per 6 minutes, which means you'll dump at least $1.50 per load to dry them. 

The facilities are clean enough, and there were plenty of available machines when I was there mid-morning, and the attached mini-mart was handy for a quick breakfast pastry.. Pure Pizza is a great place to eat inside here at the market. The price wasn't bad for what you get. It was neat being able to sit and watch them make your pizza right there in front of you.. Not only does this place have all the stuff a single person or couple would be looking for to feel sexy, the staff is amazingly friendly and knowledgeable. They make something that's usually represented as seedy and make it truly fun!

I know where I'll be going for all my fun times supplies!. The customer service was perfect in my opinion. I'm a man of few words so I'll just say this, there's a hundred ways to do customer service wrong and the staff didn't do one thing wrong.. I had the carnitas soft tacos and wifey had the crunchy chicken tacos. Both delicious. Although there was only one server she did an amazing job serving the outside patio. She kicked ass and made it enjoyable for a great lunch on the patio. Will return soon. Oh and the house margarita's are fresh and left me with a buzz yeaaahhh. I love this place.  Since I'm trying to get Shred Flintstone this year, I find myself in here for a delicious post-workout smoothie.  Get that joint with almond milk because consumption of unnecessary dairy may cause bloating and stomach discomfort.  

I went here on a Saturday during Onestopananza and met IFBB pro bodybuilder Marcus Haley, he recommended some Met-RX CLA to help burn fat and build lean muscle.  I took his advice because I'm ready to look Andrew Diced Clay, totally Flex Luthor, brah.

Plenty of products for peeps trying to lose weight, supplement their diets, or get Ripped Van Winkle.  The prices are a little higher than if you were to shop on-line, but you get knowledgeable staff who will help you narrow down what you're looking for and not continue to try to up-sell you like other chains.

There's always a clearance table you can stock up on vitamins or 'last on the shelf' items.  The smoothie punch card will get your tenth smoothie free, and the employees don't seem to have a problem combining cards if you forget yours like I do.. This review is specifically about their awesome coffee bar. If you appreciate good coffe then you have to stop here. Jonah is the coffee sommelier. He hand picks the beans from free trade, organic suppliers and cooks up the ground beans in beakers - yep just like in high school chemistry. This process preserves the full flavor of the beans giving you a full bodied, low tannin, super flavorful cup. Incredible experience and flavor. You have to try it.. I have wandered past this small unassuming Indian many times, yet it was eventually a combination of the scottish rain and a cold (man flu) that drove me to seek shelter and curry here. I was not disappointed.

My standard test dish for any untried curry house is a chicken madras and the madras here was not only good but the spices, tomato and chili all tasted fresh, the warming heat of the food taking my mind of the rubbish weather and cold.

I recommend giving Gandhi's a try (I will be back soon) the curry is good, the location is central and the staff are friendly, just remember that there is strictly no alcohol, then again the food is better than the beer and curry stereotype so you likely won't mind.. I live in Moraga, CA more than 550 miles away from this shop. Last Friday I drove to Vegas. Shortly before I reached Bakers, about 100 miles from Vegas, smoke came out from our 1996 E320. Luckily we still made it to Vegas. After we checked in Mandalay Bay, I started to look for   car doctors to fix my car. It was almost mid night. I left a few messages. Only Mr. Rashid returned my call. His shop fixed my car professionally. Mr. Rashid offered me free shuttle service. We go Vegas at least once a year. Next time I go to Vegas, I will buy him a cup of Starbucks or a lunch.. I have used Crawford Auto repair for quite a few repairs on my vehicless.. I am very pleased with all my visits. I have recommended them to many of my friends.
Thanks Jeff. appreciate your honesty and good prices,. Sometimes I just wanna sit on the patio with my friends and not worry about having to chase down a server or bartender to get a brew. Casey Moore's fills that void in my nightlife, I had to put *zero* effort into getting a pint. They even patiently made obnoxious, complex drink orders without showing the slightest signs of irritation. 

This is what a perfect staff looks like. IDK about the food (not important) or like the restroom (size of a closet), but it gets 5 stars so that other bars' staff can perhaps down a black velvet while they take notes.. Friendly, welcoming and customer oriented!  They want to help and do it with a handshake and a smile. Highly recommended!. of course this isn't a fine eating establishment - it's the normal type of greasy pizza style food you'd expect next to the largest university in the country. with that being said, i employed my $5 pizza here, and feel that the price weighed against the taste and service makes it worth every penny.. nice sports center.. What a great place!  Love their burgers and the pazookie is to die for.  Wish the wait was shorter, but I am definitely come back again, again.. Went there a year ago - you will have to wait - if you like spicy this is the place for you - you can tell them 1 to 10 - my wife had 6 and could've gone higher - I had 5 and that was plenty spicy.  You will have to go at odd times to avoid a wait - we had to wait about 30 minutes.  If you have a large party (more than 4) will have to split party and may not get to eat all at the same time.. Sabor has become my favorite spot in Charlotte. Great service, food, and value.
I've never left there disappointed.

Favorite dish: shredded chicken salad.. I recently bought a 1993 Lexus SC400. During these years, Lexus unknowingly built their ECUs with capacitors that wouldn't hold up very well over time. As such, I needed to replace all the capacitors in my ECU as a preventative measure against serious corrosion in the future.

This soldering job is not an easy one, and even though I recently started soldering, I needed to bring it to a professional. I purchased the correct capacitors for my vehicle and brought them into the shop, along with my ECU (low-ESR type if you're another early-90s Lexus owner...use a search engine and look up "all my crazy lexus issues...solved!").

I asked to pay extra for same-day service, and he replaced my capacitors in under an hour, even though it was the end of the day and he finished up a few minutes after closing time.

The difference is remarkable. My gear shifts are smoother. 0-30 is noticeably faster. Two annoying sounds have ceased. I'm sure my gas mileage has improved, but it'll take a few days to confirm.

I couldn't be happier with my experience with Computer Doctor BG and I strongly recommend taking any serious soldering projects or skilled repairs here!. Everything on this menu that our group ordered was delicious. 

Fried eggs - Whoever thought of this sandwich and the flavor/ingredient combo is genius. Definitely my favorite but you have to love blue cheese because they are very generous with this. 5 stars

Only bad thing is the portion is small for the price. I know it's Vegas but that's not a reason/excuse. I know how much a $10 sandwich should be like.. Amazing frozen custard. Rich, creamy, and delicious. As everyone else has already mentioned, they only have 3 flavors: chocolate, vanilla and a flavor of the day. Their "orange cow" was great. Tasted just like an orange creamsicle. They pack previous flavors of the day in pint containers (and other sizes). So, if you don't want the 3 flavors they're offering that day go ahead and splurge and get a container to go.. Very cool space and a great concept. It's definitely a unique spot and should be much more popular than it is. Great food for one and the service has always been excellent in my experience. Prices at each of the available options are certainly reasonable.. The food is good. The service is fast. They are friendly. I just placed a to go order , 2 exits away on the freeway by the time I got there, my food was ready to go. Excellent service.  I will definitely be back.. I had just returned from a two week trip to China, had no food in the house and I was hungry! The first thought that came into my mind was chicken wings! So i hurried over to Long Wongs to try their spicy teriyaki wings. The sauce was not too sweet and the wings were crispy when I got home to eat them. I would guess that the only difference between the spicy and the regular teri sauce was the sprinkling of chili flakes. Oh well, they were good none the less.. The red curry with beef is one of my all time favorite dishes. I called in my order on my way home from work and it was ready the moment I walked in. Excellent food that is prepared quickly and with superior quality.  Great prices too!. Great place to take out of towners to for a good pizza.  You really can't go wrong with any pizzas on the menu.  If you are a craft beer fan you will love their happy hour (half off drinks).  Best place on mill if you are looking to drink good beer and just hang out with a small group of friends.  Patio is perfect for watching all the drunk frat boy monkeys and their skeezy girls act like idiots.. Not too shabby!  Great place to bring the kids to. I read reports of several of the Yelpers and figured I had to try it. 

1.  Location - Just west of the Chinatown Plaza mall in the next strip mall. Easy parking.

2.  Ambiance - WOW Factor.  Outside is decorated in Anime.  Inside it is hard to determine what to look at first. The petite waitresses in anime costume that is really cool, or the decor on the wall and the TV's showing DragonBall Z.  Everything is just right and in really good taste.

3.  Service - As mentioned, the ladies are dressed in anime wear.  It is very cool and they are very attentive and timely. With a fairly busy restaurant, about 75% full, we had excellent service. Food comes out quickly.

4.  Food We had quite a variety, me, the wife and two of our kids. 

Shoyu Ramen - Noodles were right texture and taste. Very enjoyable. Lots of pork egg, and other bits combined with the right quantity and not too much fat at all on the pork.  The egg must have been cooked in shoyu as it was a bit dark colored. Nice presentation.  The broth was a bit simple, not too many flavors at all, however, for my kids, this is the preferred method.  We asked for smaller bowls to share so i spiced mine up a bit.

Chicken Wings - Really not wings, but seemed to be more like chicken kara-age. The waitress told us it was boneless, and it was, however, perhaps it should be just marketed as fried chicken instead. Overall, nice taste, light, crispy and with two sauces.

Sliders - Small little burgers that seemed to be lightly marinated in teriyaki.  The patty is about size of a flattened golf ball with tomato, lettuce on what looks to be a toasted King's Hawaiian Sweet Roll. It is about 3 inches round and about 4 inches tall, nicely kept together with a bamboo type of skewer.  Excellent taste, very light and very cool presentation.  WE had four sliders which was perfect for our family of four. I do not know if it always comes to four per plate or not, so you may want to check.

Chicken Teriyaki - We also shared a plate of Chicken Teriyaki and rice. Comes with a heaping scoop of macaroni salad, nice portion of lean chicken lightly covered in teriyaki sauce, two sushi rolls, and rice.  I did not get to notice the type of sushi roll it was, as one of my kids was quick to abscond with them and scarf them down. it was perhaps a california roll with the sesame seed on outside?

California Roll - Comes 6 to an order and was very nice. Not too strong on the vinegar taste of the rice. It was pretty good. I am not a huge Western Sushi eater, meaning I eat it when we have it, but will generally order typical Nigiri, Chirashi, or Inari Sushi.  Everyone liked it and it was devoured quickly!

Honey Toast Ice Cream - We were not really ready to order any dessert, however, the waitress mentioned it was a real popular dish. This is like french toast with ice Cream drizzled in Honey. It was an odd thing tio think about, yet the presentation was awesome and the taste subtle and flavorful

Overall - To me, in a way, coming here is like a guilty pleasure.  While not the best in any one thing, it is very good in presentation. I believe that Monta has more traditional and flavorful Ramen, however, when you combine pretty good food, with great service, and wonderful decor, it all combines to be a really fun experience.  When I was here, there was a strong overwhelming amount of single men coming here vs. family and couples. Perhaps anime waitresses is the key?  Hmmmm......



GK says, go for it!!!!!. I really liked this spot.  Yea, can be a pain to wait in line, but eventually you'll get in with a cool bouncer.  The drinks are strong enough to keep you buzzed for a while.  Crowd is a big mix, mostly bigger white girls who can't dance, but still always a spot to get yer groove on.  Has stripper poles for your drunk female friends.  Outside patio is very nice with a big waterfall.. Stopped by Floridinos on way home from work for some take out. Staff was very friendly and food was excellent.  Ordered the pepperoni muffins and and the lasagna with a couple of meatballs and both were great. We'll be back again.. News flash: hangovers happen everywhere... even in Vegas!

For some, curing the inevitable life suck may be a brisk jog, a greasy burger, or even an hour in the sauna - For me it's pho. Kinh Do did not disappoint and will make you feel right at home as it falls in line with the typical sterile surroundings, quiet atmosphere and odd decor that we've all come to know and love from our respective hometown pho spots.

For me this evening consisted of a bowl of chicken pho and a side of shrimp spring rolls swimming in peanut sauce spiked with a heavy dose of Sriracha. I'm starting to believe that there must be a pho and spring roll manufacturing plant somewhere that ships their pre-made secret recipe to all these restaurants with instructions to "just add water." Seriously, it's all starting to taste the same everywhere I go regardless of the time of day and no matter how far removed you may be from Vietnamese culture. Don't get me wrong, I think it is a great thing that I am now able to find my magic-elixir-cure-all just about anywhere, including Sin City.. If you have been to the original then you can appreciate this establishment as well. It should jog the fond memories you had when you were with your college friends or other loved ones sharing a pint in a country afar. 

If however you have never been to the original I am not sure you can appreciate it...thus just enjoy the beer and eat somewhere else. 

The food is OK, it's typical german fare which means not much taste and prob not worth the price.. This place has some damn good gelato. It's also a great alternative to the chocolate fountain dessert shop by the Bellagio conservatory. The line here is often much more bearable.

They've got some great flavors that taste very much like the gelato I've experienced in Italy. However, the price here is a bit more steep but still alright. This is no surprise given that it's located within a Strip casino.

My only gripe, which deducts one star from my review, is that the manager gave me such a bad attitude on my last visit. I had asked for two flavors to be included in my one cup. But for some reason he couldn't understand my request. It's not like this practice isn't common in almost every gelateria in the country as well as in Italy. I found it to be a simple request.

The manager gave me the harshest stare and condescending tone as he was trying to figure out what I was asking him to do. It made me a bit uncomfortable. Ultimately, another coworker intervened and scooped me exactly what I wanted. Afterward it seemed as if the manager were thinking to himself that it was MY FAULT that he didn't understand my request. I got the impression he just wanted me to GTFO. Sillys...

This whole debacle makes me hesitate coming back, but at the end of the day, Cafê Gelato has a heavenly product. I'll bear the burden to get my gelato fix.. Delicious food, good atmosphere, great service - all quality stuff here at Oyshi Sushi.  And of course the name's rather amusing.  The sushi chef that helped us at the bar was very friendly and conversational.  Since we're new to Vegas, he even suggested some good places to go check out for recreational purposes.  We'd recommend this restaurant and will likely return, but will probably check out other places in town (since there are soooooo many options).  If you're nearby, I'd definitely say it's worth the stop.  Here's the rundown on food:

Things we tried that I'd recommend:
Rattlesnake Roll - good stuff, great combo of flavors
Oyshi Roll - the signature roll lives up to it's role - a must-have
Gyoza - order it pan-friend (even though they only list deep fried & steamed)
Chung Hua - Probably my favorite roll of the night
Nuclear Bomb - chef made this when we requested one of his choices - not for the weak tongued.  This one's very spicy and tasty!
Yellowstone - really great baked roll
Ahi Poke Salad - I really enjoyed this - well rounded flavor, fresh and tasty - wife thought it was too seaweed-y
Shrimp Tempura - the kiddo loves this stuff

Items you could skip:
Baked Mussels - rather bland, prefer 'em creamier and with more zip
Calamari - very basic, dipping sauces are okay, nothing special, needed salt
Heart Attack - it's good, but have the Nuclear Bomb instead
Treasure - wife said she liked it, I didn't think it really stood out much;. Pretty good place to get a car wash. The people who vacuum could do a better job but hey they work hard and they deal with a lot of cars.. Food was amazing, price was reasonable, and great, friendly service from Kerry & Scott. Would definitely visit again!. Great place for lunch. Black bean vegetable chili and grilled cheese is a great meal. Going to have to go back to try their homemade ginger ale.  Very modern chic/green type feel.  if ur in downtown def give it a try!. The pictures and video say more about this place than I could in a review. It's a great neighborhood burger joint, and I'm happy it's a short walk from home.

Everything I've had here is solid for a fast food joint. Once, around the holidays, I ordered their 10 slider deal, and ate them all myself. It was delicious but I hated myself a little after. Trust me when I say two or three are enough for one person. The chicago style dog is my standard here, they get everything right down to the steamed poppy seed bun, the fries that come with it are just average though. I also really enjoy the avocado burger, the grilled onions take it from good to great.

I always like the mix of people that go to this place. Feels like the burger joint in the town I grew up in. Last time there was a teenage couple on a date, three elderly gals out for a meal, a married couple with a kid who I might have been annoyed with if he didn't have the cutest little biker jacket with a skull on it, and some guys watching a game on the TVs.. Great service! Got me in and fixed my flat on a Sunday afternoon and got me back on the road again.  Courteous staff and very efficient. They treated all the other waiting customers very well too.. Relatively unknown Italian restaurant that opened just a month ago. Bonnanos is right on the strip around the corner from Planet Hollywood shoppes (next to CVS). Good food for a good price with no waiting and extremely friendly and helpful staff. Not sure when their "featured menu" is available but great prices for decent pasta (btwn $6-8).. This is a very small location. Parking is a challenge. The drive thru is packed! The nuts n berries salad was perfect. It was very fresh and tasty. The goat cheese, walnuts, and berries were a perfect compliment to each other. The veggie delite wrap was very flavorful and filling. The inside is small and very noisy but they have a patio as well. Very healthy and quick spot for lunch. FINALLY, a place that makes New York style egg foo young. Most of the Chinese restaurants in the valley make a poor attempt but Red House includes the ingredients inside the patties.  They were perfect; the sauce was good. I enjoyed it thoroughly.. Edinburgh is undergoing one of its occasional renaissance moments as suddenly a flurry of bars and restaurants open.  The new focus seems to be the quality ("craft") beer and food combo.  The Hanging Bat, Brewdog and Vintage lead the way, with the refurbished Fountain and renovated Elm Bar now the Jeremiah Taproom.  Added to the list is the brand new Safari Lounge, which was the Station Bar on Cadzow Place, Abbeyhill.  Until recently a relatively untouched classic Edinburgh pub (reviewed separately on Yelp) with the infamous Safari Lounge at the back.  The new owners appear to have grabbed that concept and refurbbed to covert the whole pub to the Safari Lounge.  Nice decor, still reminiscent of the original, long narrow with 3 relatively separate spaces to sit, including the original Safari Lounge at the back with its own fantastic cocktail bar.

Food now features prominently with meze style offerings, hot dogs etc.  All seems to be high quality.  Good range of beer both on draft and bottle.  It does not appear to be aiming at the high end beer market (like Vintage) but there is some quality on offer.  Actually the new high end beer places have their own niche but can miss the mark a wee bit as decent, warm, inviting pubs in the old style.  I found that the Safari Lounge had this sort of genuine pub character in spades and actually probably my favourite sort of hangout (it reminded me of the Pond on Salamander St when it first reopened a few years back).  Bit more relaxed but cool.  Good friendly staff, decent welcome.  

All in all I REALLY like this place. Just a bit out of the way so a bit more selective in terms of clientèle. Cool vibe, great food and beer.. I have been trading here since it opened. Excellent selection and prices, fantastic staff.. YES, STAFF WAS GREAT!!!!  The food was great, I had the:

Original cripsy fried fish taco: outstanding, crispy and tasty!!!!

Gourmet shrimp taco: orgasmic, what flavor!!!!  I wanted more!!!!

Mahi mahi taco: very good for being healthy, LOL, needed the green slasa!

I can not wait to go back!!!  Best 10 bucks I spent in a long time!. Great place. I'm brand-new to the vapor scene so I stop by to see what it was all about. They helped me with a vapor pen I bought online (unfortunately) they took a look at it and troubleshot the problem so I can get repaired/replaced. It's worth stopping in to see what it's all about if you are unfamiliar.. as a first time customer this place would be my first pick to take my business suits to get dry cleaned.  the lady that assisted me was very nice.  they only charged $2.50 per garment.  so i was only charged $5.00 for a 2 piece suit.  i'll be back for sure!. Now this is why I use Yelp.  Pike's is an upscale rendition of an everyday soda shop / diner.  With its fancy brick South End building right off of the light rail line, you might mistake this place for some frou frou joint that serves burgers with "aged artisan cheese".  You'd be wrong.

For lunch on most days, Pike's deliver an excellent burger and shake meal.  Finish off with a red velvet cupcake or a slice of pie and you'll be in glutton heaven.

That said, the real show here is Sunday brunch.  Wanting to show my visiting parents a good Charlotte breakfast outing, I took a risk in taking them to Pike's.  I'd heard good things on here about the Sunday offerings but never had them in person.  Oh man, did this bet pay off.  Their $9 breakfast buffet has everything from blueberry french toast, eggs benedict, sausage and bacon to hashbrown casserole.  If you get there after 10AM and fork over $14 instead, you can chow down on all of the above PLUS roast beef, sweet potato casserole, green bean casserole and lasagna and more.  Lasagna?  WHAT?

The best part is that all of the food is crazy delicious.  I mean three-plates-full delicious.  The kind of breakfast you walk away from kind of hazy, unsure if your legs are still gonna work.

Sunday here is simply awesome.  Any other time, it's still pretty good.. Best burger spot in town. Milkshakes are quite spectacular as well. Go with the western burger with a side of tots.. I came in to have my new watch band sized to my wrist. What I didn't realize was that I didn't have the watch clasp completely open before trying to fit it over my hand. So the gentleman working there put in and took out a few links before we figured out what the issue was. So the watch was exactly the same when I went in as when I came out, I still wanted to pay him for his time and service but he would not accept any money. This place will be getting all of my business from now on.. I visited when it was over 110 degrees and almost had the whole place to myself.  There are a lot of animals to see in the zoo and plenty of fish to see in the aquarium.  Be sure to go to the (free) bird feedings and pet the sting rays!  

See the zoo animals first because the zoo closes before the aquarium.  Bring plenty of water with you because this place is bigger than it appears.  There are a few water fountains near the buildings (north side of the park) with ice cold water that taste good, so you can refill a bottle there.  The water fountains on the south side are in the sun and hot.  The restrooms are large and pretty clean too.  One thing I didn't like was cups and plastic (water) bottles all over the place.  Clean up the trash.  

There is a great restaurant called Dillions BBQ on site and provides a great place to get out of the sun, soak up some A/C, and chow down on some really good food.  You can even request to sit right next to a giant shark tank!  

The aquarium's A/C is set in the mid 70s, so these are buildings that are nice to see when it's real hot.  Bring walking shoes, water and sunblock.  Also, enjoy the free air show that the fighter jets from Luke Air Force base seem to put on as they practice overhead.. This little restaurant is a place we go to when shopping at 35th Ave. Sew & Vac. 

As you can see from the photo it is in a very dingy strip mall and you might not ever think of checking this little gem out. Do, you will not be sorry.

The inside of the restaurant is an odd piece of work too. Very old fashioned bad taste in decorating, but I think this makes for an even better experience. Each time we have gone there is only one table waiting for us and the rest is filled. Odd huh ;-[) The woman who I assume is the owner waits and who knows what else. She is not really friendly, but nor is she unfriendly. All I can think of calling it is very focused with the real desire that you are enjoin your food.

The food is just wonderful. I have tried several dishes both Greek and Italian. Each has had such dead on flavours you just mutter to yourself, God this is good. I mean even the very basic salad that comes with some of the plates is always COLD crisp lettuce and a variety of other veggies with a great dressing. 

I hope when you all try this place you find it just as I.. I don't live in AZ, but have been here quite often and stopped in at the Martini Ranch a few times. It has a nice bar/lounge kind of feel and the patio is well set up. The crowd is 25-35 with a nice blend of tourists and locals. So overall, it's a pretty decent spot.

However, I stopped in there on 8/27/09 and was utterly appalled. After hearing a decent DJ play house/techno and a pretty fun band that sounded like a Sublime/Beastie Boys/Lincoln Park fusion, this idiot called "Dirt Nasty" took the microphone. He started screaming lets party, do pills, snort yeyo, etc. and he was completely wasted. I thought Andrew Dice Clay swore a lot, but this guy takes the cake. At least Dice was funny back in the day with his vulgarity...this clown was just downright annoying. He was by far the least talented person I have ever seen perform anywhere. I could have gone up on stage and sang these awesome lyrics, "I'm in Arizona, and I drank a Corona, then I got a big bona so I called her on the phona". Reallly? Are you kidding me? Whoever decided to put this fool on stage should be fired.. 4 stars for only one reason....the nori (seaweed wrap) was chewy.  I mentioned it to our waitress who promised to check - she agreed it should not be.
Very large menu of specialty rolls...great luncheon menu with lots of choices for those not into raw fish.  All my sushi and the yellowtail sashimi were very fresh.  And my wife raved about the chicken teriyaki.
Next time, I'm looking forward to a 5 star!
Oh, no beer or wine, yet...byob is fine till they get their license.. Love this field! The roof...the fans...the game!. What a nice place to come eat at!  It just reminded me of back home, Dallas, Texas.  The only thing that got me by surprise was that they offer Baked Beans for breakfast.  

Note:  In Texas, we eat Baked Beans for lunch or dinner usually with BBQ.  

So, what the heck!  Why not!?  I tried them with my Bacon && Eggs...they sure were good!  :)  Every time I come visit Montreal...this would be one of the places I'll come back to visit.. Seen it the second time and this time I had an opportunity to actually grab food. 

In short yes it's expensive but what do you expect? It's Vegas and the COSMO! I ended up getting the lobster cocktail and the superrrrrr delicious bone marrow (it'a a must have!) Ended up spending well over $125 before tips on the meals and several drinks. For me? It was worth it! I probably would've ordered more if hadn't my date and I didn't eat a few hours earlier. During our food we also we treated to some performances at our bar... think Coyote Ugly with actual talent. 

As for the entertainment,  I decided to catch the 12 Oclock show. The midnight show doesn't have the full scale production of the early shows but I still loved it... probably slightly more. It's more raw, a little less cheesy with the acting and goes right into the super (and multi) talented performers. The performer in me really enjoys the collaborative aspect of performance... when Butterscotch (who I feel is the superstar of Vegas Nocturne)  the immensely talented Beat boxer/singer/beat maker  gets involved with the other performers it's a real treat. 


Again the tap dancers and table drummers always end up getting the crowd's loudest applause and even from me the second time. Just amazing acts with great showmanship. I seen a few new acts this time including the fire artist and the contortionist that shot an arrow in a ridiculous position. 

The update gets a new star because I really enjoy the entire premise of Rose Rabbit Lie and Vegas Nocturne. I'm sure it's not the first of it's kind but it's the only of it's kind in Vegas and It's such a pleasure to be fed and entertained in a lavish way!. Second time there and I'll be back again!

Great service!
Warm atmosphere.
Delicious food!

Their table bread is addicting, chicken Marsala melting, and spaghetti and meatballs savory.

They have great marinara here!

High on my list. I felt guilty walking out of the restaurant, staring into the Bikram Yoga studio next door! (I go there, too). Excellent. Homestyle feel with fast food quality. Superb food and staff.
Feels like you're in a restaurant back in the country, but fast food service. 
 A Must go visit for anyone.. Bottom Line = Awesome Lattes and Americanos by Espresso A Mano.  

What makes this coffee shop unique is their music selection.  Artists I remember hearing include: Van Halen.  Michael Jackson.  Dead Mau. Alvin and the Chipmunks.  Ice Cube.  Outkast.  Dr. Dre.  The Ghosbusters theme song.  Aaliyah.  
As many have mentioned, the service is great, and overall the place has a neighborhood vibe.  On warmer days, the garage door is open.  My only issues with this establishment is how it's always a struggle to find a seat.  It's not a very small place.  It's just that this coffee shop serves great coffee, and people know about it.  So if you like visiting coffee shops on the weekends to chill out/read/study (like I do), then I would get to Espresso A Mano when it opens to ensure a table/seat.  Despite this small annoyance, I still come here to enjoy the high quality coffee, and the awesome music selection.. This is one of the best local bars in Las Vegas for sure. Not the best looking on the inside that is why it is a 4 star not a 5 star but the service, food and experience are always 5 stars. I have had most of the menu and I wouldn't say there is anything bad. The chili is very good but you only need to order a cup. The bar has TVs at every angle so you do not miss any sporting events. It is never too busy so I am always able to find a seat. It is an older bar but does not smell like it on the inside.. I have had 8 Sea-Doos in the past 11 years and treated them like they were Family and A friend of mine rented one from here and it looked and drove like it was a new Machine. I highly recommend you rent from here. A Classy Place.. Went with my husband for our first anniversary and at the beginning we were very apprehensive about the hotels because of all the reviews about it being very loud! As soon as we got there, the receptionist was very welcoming and once I'm studying French she tried to explain everything for me in a way I'd understand and get to practice my French! She did tell us about the club and asked if we were fine with a bedroom above it!! Once we were planning on going out I didn't see any problem on it, on Saturday night we ended up coming back to the hotel a bit earlier and the club was still open, however, the music wasn't as loud as some people make it seems and we did not have problems to sleep! 

The hotel is located on the corner of St. Laurent and Sherbrooke, within walking distance of almost everything. There's a metro station a block away, and St. Catherine street is about 5 minutes walking. The location is excellent.

The rooms are large, comfortable and clean. No complaints there.

On our last day we asked to leave our luggage at the hotel because our bus was just at 7PM, they had no problems with it and kept it till we came back to pick it up! Had an amazing experience and will definitely go back! :). Great service, extremely quick tire replacement, good prices and good staff. Came in for a pair of two new tires. No upsell, no high pressure sales tactics and offered several options. Went though potential issues with existing tires and got the job done FAST. If you're in the area and need tires this is the place to go. If possible, plan ahead and make an appointment to ensure quick service and an "in and out" experience.. As far as the various complaining reviews here on Yelp?  C'mon! Do you REALLY believe that Moishe's, the legendary institution of carnivorous consumption that it is/was/always will be, has not had more than its share of complaining in the past 70+ years???  

Haters hate
Whiners whine
Moishe's pumps out beef that is consistently fine.

This is the original OJG deal making dynastic den of dining. Its worth a visit from a historical perspective if nothing else.   

Quite simply, a great place to consume meat in a city that still celebrates steak.  Not even remotely trendy or faddish, just come for the beef.. Nice campus compared to the area. I've taken 6 classes at this location and have never had an issue. Most of the people are complaining about stuff that has nothing to do with getting an education. Research your teachers and get it over with. Quit yo cryin'!. As with most Wendy's, this one was busy and got the food to you.  I went at lunch, and most of the workers were very on top of their game.  Of course, the woman behind the counter made my name totally wrong because she couldn't read my debit card... I was right there, ask me my name.  Anyway, other than that it was great.. Yo, they gave me a free sample of the cinna swirl bread. Bribery with food? My kind of people. Excellent food and service. They had elementary age kids in the back for a "field trip" baking bread, but I'm pretty sure they're using them for child labor. The kids' salty tears must be the secret ingredient.. The atmosphere here is different from every vape shop in the city. Scott is an incredibly welcoming host and their staff is exceptionally knowledgeable. It's a great place to hang out as well, and is quickly becoming my favorite place to go when I'm in need of vaping supplies.. I really love their shrimp tacos. A bit pricey that can go up to $10 for 3 pieces but put some lime on it and green salsa, OMG that's heaven in your mouth.. Been a few months since I have been there but really liked it.  The collard greens were awesome and the beef briscuit was as good as I have had in  NC.. I've loved this place for years.  It's typical of chop suey houses in other major cities; authentic, perhaps short on style but absolutely outstanding food.  Great people.. Living in the West Valley, I've been missing my Indian Food fix.  Finally moving to Gilbert, I now am near a few good Indian restaurants with buffets.  Of those I've tried, Indian Oven is one that I really like the most.  I have only gone to the lunch buffet.  The price is great for all you can eat of this delicious food.  I like the unlimited Mango Lassi and the hot garlicky Naan brought around as much as you like.  

There is a good selection of the vegetarian and non-veg dishes.  I find the veg ones most tasty and interesting. One I really liked for texture and taste is Kadhi Pakora, which are fried veg pakoras (kinda crunchy) in a yellow curry.  Yummm!  They also have different saag dishes, chopped spicy salad.  The condiments taste homemade, unlike some other places.  They have fresh fried potato slices covered in a batter...very flavorful.  That apparently was popular because it wasn't there the whole time.

Also a nice choice of 4 different types of warm and cold desserts.  

The staff is very pleasant and took my plates and refilled my water as needed.  

I found everything quite flavorful....one reviewer complained it was not spicy, but I like Indian food for the flavors, not needing hot spice.  

Only one issue for me...the lunch buffet is only open till about 2, which isn't always convenient for me.  Some other places are open later.

There are a couple of TVs, but they were on mute while I was there so didn't bother me, and also weren't in my line of vision.

Great place to eat, I'll be back again!. Tried the all you can eat lunch. Beware, they say they will charge you for leftovers so don't waste and don't plan on taking home. The sashimi was great, the Las Vegas roll was just ok. I have had better. The California rolls were normal. Good service , seems clean.. This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh, Starbucks is essential, and the moving walkways are fun/helpful except when people can't read the directions. Bank of America ATMs all over the place and several shops to help kill time between connections.. They have the best food from all over Vegas!. This is the best sushi joint I've found in all of Arizona. Their happy hour prices and times are excellent and the sushi is made to perfection, there is something for everyone! I recommend the blue flame or the tootsie rolls, but honestly you can't go wrong with so many options available. The restaurant is always clean and the servers are always friendly and efficient, they can be a little hard to understand sometimes but this should be expected at a place so authentic. Plenty of places to park and don't let the outside of the building discourse you as the city is in the process of upgrading and remodeling the shopping center that this restaurant is located in.. Garlic Pork and Pork Tenderloin really taste so yummy. The Owner makes you feel at home. So friendly and service is quick and efficient. Can't wait to visit late afternoon to watch plane take offs and landings while ravishing my Creme Brulee.. Hot shaving cream to clean up the edges on a haircut?  A hot towel and massage to wind down?  This place is fantastic.

Rushel is everything I want to see in a barber, and one of the best parts of prepping for my recent wedding was going to him for a hot shave and tune up.  Gold Scissors is clean, well-equipped, and everything about it shows the pride and care that they have for their business.. I like going there for the cigar selections. plus the staff I have met are great and very friendly. I wish they would do a monthly wine or beer tasting event to get to know some of their products.. This place is full of wonderful culinary treats and definitely has a cool, lively atmosphere. Lots of delicious comfort food ranging from wings to tacos and mac and cheese burgers. Not too many choices for people on low carb diets, but definitely have to say it is a fun, culinary adventure.

Oh yeah....  Best onion rings in the world! Hands down! Therefore.... 5 stars!!! I am still thinking about them.. Interesting place! Burger/sushi fusion.

The sushi that everyone had was excellent as was the crab dip appetizer.

One of the dinner options is a bento box that comes with sweet potato fries, edamame, a slider, cucumber salad, and 4 pieces of some sushi roll. My only compliant is that the burger that came with the box was tiny. Hard to keep a burger super juicy when it's that small. Wasn't bad, but didn't really satisfy the urge for a burger. Otherwise, large portions.

Next time, I'd go one way or the other... Sushi or burger. 

Patient staff with some high maintenance customers.. I was raised to take pride in the things I owned and as a result, I "baby" my Camry.  It's four years old and had not gotten more than a casual rock chip from the normal Arizona roadways until last June when someone backed into the rear quarter panel.  So as you can imagine, I went through the stages of emotions following that day until I succumbed to the fact that I could not change anything about that but my attitude.
  I began getting estimates for the repairs from several body shops around the Tempe and Mesa areas including a Toyota dealership, the other driver's insurance drive through facility and two outfits that have been in the auto body repair business for 30+ years.
  Going off of the insurance agent's list of shops they work with, coupled with liking the lifetime warranty incentive and the fact that this facility was conveniently close to work, I wondered into Impact Auto Body (without an appointment) to see what they could do for me.  For the record, I don't suggest others do the same, I should have respected the schedules of Impact's employees.
  Upon entering the lobby, I was promptly greeted by Whitney (the receptionist) who offered me a cold water as she asked how she could help.  She then immediately introduced me to Ace.  I'm thinking already that they have passed the customer service test.
  Ace was very thorough in his investigation of the damage to my vehicle and attentive to all of my questions, concerns and statements about what information I needed to understand as well as information I had gathered from previous estimates.  I shared with him who I had gotten other estimates from and how they were much lower than his and he was very respectful of those companies, not offering any negative opinions but rather positive reasons why Impact takes the time to do the right job the first time, not only because they back their work up with a lifetime warranty, but also because their reputation depends on it.
  Ace outlined what was going to be removed and reinstalled, how far they will take the coating and the timeframe it would take to complete the repairs.  Ace contacted me after the third day to let me know the work was on schedule and my car was finished one week later.
  As particular as I can be, I have to admit I was a bit apprehensive about going to pick the car up from the shop.  I was absolutely amazed by the quality of work and how the vehicle looked when it was done.  One would never know the car had been damaged unless they were told.  The paint matched perfectly and I could not find one thing I didn't like about the work Impact did.  They even went a step further by cleaning the car's interior including the floor mats which I had not expected.
  To Whitney and Ace, thank you for going out of your way to make this experience seem less painful than the day of the initial impact. 
  And to Bob and Debbie, continue doing what you're doing to ensure your customers are treated with the utmost respect, not only in the area of customer service but also in the knowledge of your "craftsmen" in the shop and how they perform their work.
  I will definitely recommend Impact Auto Body to my family and friend should they need auto body repair in the future.. Stir Fry Paradise reminds me of when I used to live in Mesa and my roommate and I would go to Y.C.'s and gorge ourselves on noodles and meat.  I was never the packing champ but he was, one time he got a full large bowl and a small bowl in one trip through the line and still had two take home cartons after eating a mountain of noodles.  I hear they've amended the rules in recent years, but I digress.

Stir Fry Paradise does an excellent job on delivering exactly what their name states, all you can eat Mongolian style BBQ,  build your own stir fry at a very reasonable price.  Previous posters mention just how clean this establishment is, you walk in and look around and you can tell just how much care they put into keeping their restaurant in the most cleanly and sanitary condition possible.  The Stir Fry bar is setup very well with all the vegetables and ingredients you would expect. All of the ingredients seemed fresh and in good condition. The staff also did a good job of not cross contaminating my bowl with someone elses, I've been to places like this before where once your stir fry hits the grill, it gets passed around like a lady of the night and you usually don't get back quite what you handed them.  I opted for a Lo Mein style stir fry with beef, chicken, mushrooms, water chestnuts, carrots, bean sprouts and cabbage.  I do wish these places would post a handful of sauce recipes on a board, I've been notoriously bad at over or under seasoning my noodles in the past.  However this time around my instincts must have been right, I made a hoisin based sauce with their house sauce and lots of garlic sauce that turned out pretty tasty and didn't need a drop of soy sauce.  I did think their sauces were more flavorful than some Mongolian BBQ style places I've been, and once cooked they had a better consistency then I've had before.  I ended up with a mountain of noodles that I thought I couldn't finish but somehow did.  Additionally they also have a pre-prepared buffet style section with items like crab puffs, egg rolls, wanton, I believe Sweet and Sour pork, possibly sesame chicken, these fried sugar coated donuts, and of course what no restaurant of this caliber would be without "Jello". which I actually did partake in a little bit of. Other than a single egg roll I didn't really try the buffet area much but that's only because I was more than satisfied with my stir fry which is what I came for anyways.

I really enjoyed stir fry paradise and hope to come back often.  maybe next time my eyes won't be bigger than my bowl and I'll actually try the buffet items.. Great food, they really go the extra mile to make you feel special and will even consider preparing meals not on their menu..check it out..
Bryant. Went to this place on Sun for Fathers Day with my wife and two boys (16,9). They have been on my Yelp radar for about 4 months to try and it's only 7 min away. My wife said "pick the place you want to go", so I did. They are in a corner of a strip mall. Went inside and it is small. 3 four tops and a 6 top, but it was clean. My wife said she thought it would be a little "nicer", I thought it was great! Old school, like back east. Restroom was clean and maintaned. On to the food:

You order at the counter and they bring your food to the table. Self serve 20oz styro cup fountain service, $1.35, 8 flavors Coke products, iced tea sweet or plain.We ordered:
   Lg dinner salad, $5.95. Very big, romaine, tomatoes, onions, black olives, banana peppers, pepperocinis. Each of us had two servings! They serve on paper plates. Cool!
   Lg (16") cheese pizza, the deal was 2 cheese for 17.99, we added pepperoni, 2.00 extra each pizza. Not bad. Pizza was crispy on the bottom, crust was chewy, plenty of toppings and sauce. Really good pizza, worth the money. Took more home than we ate, 'cuz too much salad before.
    Staff was very nice, we asked for an extra container of creamy Italian dressing (yes, one of the few places that have it). When the guy brought it over, he said "It's on the house, it's Father Day" What a nice dude! I complimented the mgr as we left. I wanted them to know they were doing it right. They do alot of take out and delivery, having 2 delivery guys. Oh, and they still have a 4.99 gyro, add fries for a 1.00. That's what I'm getting next. Check out the online menu.. $3 Coronas ALL OF THE TIME. 

If I lived closer to it, this would be a regular hangout for me. It's big and airy and open, but has a dance floor that I even stomp on occasionally (see above: $3 Coronas). 

It's a good spot to people watch or party in a big or small group. It's as laid-back as its Scottsdale location, with even more of the simplicity and openness that makes the whole thing work.. The Wynn: quiet, understated (for Vegas), a place where the edges have been smoothed off a bit.

Still - why it took two hours to get a non-smoking room at checkin, I don't know. Those nifty push-button panels for lighting, drapes, etc. really need a setting to turn the backlighting OFF at night. I'm one of those people that's unfortunately sensitive to ambient light when trying to get to sleep. I don't need to be bathed in a constant LED glow.

The master control box on the night-table didn't seem to be actually connected to anything, and the lighting controls behaved differently depending on which panel you used. The climate control would reset itself to its defaults when you were out of the room for a certain amount of time, meaning you had to change everything back to the way you wanted it every night. A hotel room should not be this bloody complicated, and I'm a computer systems engineer.

I liked the place, but these little maddening quirks keep it from being tops on my list of luxury resorts in Sin City.. Mr. Hassan will make you look like a movie star!....He is the best portrait photographer that I have ever seen. He is definately a Master of his craft. His prices are super resonable, also....His guarantee is: "If you don't like the finished product, you don't have to pay"...It does'nt get any better than that!!!. Love the Golden Hot and Extra Hot wings...some of the best in town!!. As another reviewer mentioned, the chopped vegetable salad is really extraordinary.  It is just a salad, but it's one of the best salads I've ever had.  

Service was good, and the food was very good.  I'd rate it higher were it not for the price; but I'm not complaining.. First time. Very good food. Like to see that this type of restaurant in NW that is doing good food... I love coming to this casino because it's so clean and contemporary. The rooms, restrooms, lounges, etc. are well done and I never have a problem with the machines being dirty. I'm not staying at this hotel during this stay, but when I do I really enjoy the room. The TV is more than decent. The bathrooms are big and the beds are awesome. I really have nothing to complain about the 'M'. All the staff is helpful as well. Only thing is that this place is not on the strip. But that's what's cars and taxis are for.. Aren't they?. IN THE COURSE OF TWO HOURS I...

-Got hit on by two drunken waitresses from the Olive Garden who rubbed my inner thigh and were possibly trying to steal my wallet.

-Got an offer from a random guy to go in the bathroom and do coke (which I declined).

-Got Framboise Raspberry Lambic poured in my nose (in case you were wondering, it burns). 

-Listened to some bluegrass band with a guy who rocked the banjo.

-Had some incredible beers like Old Rasputin, Stone Anniversary Ale, and the incredible Allagash Four.

-Had an amazing fu*king time!

Get OFF the Strip people!  There is life beyond all those flashing lights and fat sunburned tourists with giant margarita glasses.. Got a coupon in the mail and rolled on over. I was hesitant because of a few bad reviews, but the price was right.
Very clean facility with a friendly staff. They even checked my breaks for free. I asked about the bad reviews and they let me know that they were under new management w/ a completely new crew. Nice work!. Best Tortilla factory in the Valley, bar none. They seemingly make them after you order 'em so they are fresh as all get out.

Even with the place being dirty and a bit gross on the inside, it still gets a 5 star.. After an 8 mile bike ride along the Flamingo Wash, I used Yelp to find the nearest Starbucks and this was it.  I don't generally do drive throughs so I parked in their small lot and went inside the store.

I ordered my drink, it was ready quickly, and I enjoyed part of it while checking my email on their free wifi.  

The staff was very pleasant and on the ball.  I can't say I'll be stopping here often, but it fit my needs yesterday!. I don't know why I waited so long to try this place out. The portions here are huge. The plates could feed 1 maybe 2 families. The desserts give u one sugar coma just by looking at it.  I dunno how I made it out the door I was so full.  Lol. Definitely gotta try this place out. Prices are little higher then most Hawaiian restaurants, at around $10+ a plate and around $5 for desserts, but the portions are huge and very good and is as good as it gets.  Worth the drive out.  They did a excellent job on service for a UYE.

I ready for put my order in for their Aloha plate, served only fridays, forgot what's in there but heard it runs out like that.. Went last night because it was the only thing open in the hotel. I ordered the prime rib French dip and fries. I also tasted the fried chicken. They were both outstanding. Honestly the fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had which shocked the hell out of me. The restaurant is laid out kind of strange in terms of tables and decor, but that's pretty unimportant in light of the food. It's also a little expensive when you consider a sandwich is running you $15 but none of us were disappointed in our food and that's what counts.. A decent venue in Phoenix for live music. They often have good acts playing there.. Good price and Good Food. I've eaten here twice for dinner over the last five years and was very pleased on both occasions.  We had pizzas both times.  They are wonderful!   They very much resemble the style we've had in Rome: very thin, crisp crust, light on the creative toppings. The portobello, artichoke, roasted peppers and fontina one was especially memorable.  Service was very good - prompt, friendly and quick.  Our waitresses were very pleasant.  The prices may seem a little high, so if you want a cheap thick crust gloppy stuffed pizza, go elsewhere.. This place is awesome! Larry and Judy are great people. Have had some great conversations with both of them. You have that kind of classic feel while getting your hair cut and converaing away. They are both very skilled in what they do and it's always a good time going there. 15 bucks gets you the haircut and straight shave around the back of the neck, behind your ears and your sideburns.. Asses quesadillas were great. One of my fav places to eat. I go there so often i get embarrassed!! haha sit outside if you want to feed the birds. lol. Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.. This place is amazing. All grass fed meats. No anti-biotics. All local product. I recommend it to everyone I know.. StickErice is a new place on DI just east of Eastern. First of all this hole in the wall is truly beautiful inside, from nice tables, wide and comfortable chairs to well chosen wooden panels on the wall. Everything inside seems to belong and no greasy carpet but beuatiful tiles.
The service is very good and the dishes are very tasty.
We ordered fish cakes for appetizer and those we a little dissapointing and too oily, but the presentation was very well thought out. We also had Tom yum soup with shrimp and pork hock. The soup was very tasty and comforting. But the hock was amazing. It was slwoly cooked to perfection and the broth with it was perfect. The well chosen spices in a side dish brought the entire meal together. I do not like fatty meat parts and normally stick to lean meat, but this dish was truly heaven.

To conclude, this place serves excellent Thai food in a beautiful setting with great service. But as the previous review, I only give 5 stars if the food blows my mind.. Groupon led me in and I was real anxious to try it. I'd driven by it for years on the way to Charlotte and the curiosity led me to buy a Groupon for half off. I was very pleased. The food had a lot of flavor. I had the egg plant dish and it was the best I'd had. There spaghetti sauce was liken to an old family recipe. Their cheese bread complimented the meal beautifully. The atmosphere made it much better, it was a homey place with artsy designs and the staff were very welcoming and helpful. I'd love to go back soon, I'd say the food was very authentic just like the owners.. BEWARE!  I just got hit with my $39 annual fee that I completely forgot about.

If you can get passed that, then for the love of God, join this gym if you live in the area!   It has everything I need to have a great workout, and nothing more.  A ton of great cardio machines, good amount of free weights, you name it, they got it (except a rower, I'd like for them to get a rower).

Even at peak times it's never very crowded.  Today (Monday) I went n the early afternoon and it was mostly older folk.  After 5pm it's usually young professionals and late night it's high school kids.  High school kids, by the way, all work here.  But they're all nice and they seem to enjoy it there, so no complaints about that.

Equipment is all new, and the employees are constantly wiping everything down.

I'm so happy to have a great gym to go to that's close to my house and has everything I need (and no scene like LA Fitness or Lifetime).  I run here pretty much everyday, workout, then run back home.

Highly recommended.  I only knocked 1 star because I don't like the smell of the soap in the bathroom.. I went into this dealership apprehensive that I would be just wasting my time, but instead it was time well spent. Monty took the time to really listen to me and instead of being a typical car salesman, he was not pushy at all!!!! He let me test drive several cars and answered all my questions. When it came down time for the negotiations, I truly felt he was my advocate and I believe that I did receive my best deal from Monty.. I like this place a lot, it is very delicious and cheap with best ice cream. Also the environment is also awesome for spending time with friends on there. So it is a wonderful choice for entertainment by foods.. I would like to personally thank Renee Pomatto (Showroom Assistant Manager) in the Scottsdale location for helping me on 04/6/2013. I was so overwelmed with the selection of tiles available and she narrowed down what I exactly wanted w/in 10 minutes. I recommend going to see her and experience her knowledge, expertise, and use her suggestions for decorating a bathroom, kitchen, etc. Thank you Renee!!!

Happy Customer,

=TJR. Four stars just because it was the first time.  If they repeat again...a full five.  How to describe the job done by this service?  Let's just put it this way, it made me realize just HOW bad I am at thinking I'm keeping my own yard up to speed.  Great work guys.  See you next time!. This is a secret gem. A most lovely room, perfect service but even better, wonderful food. Not to be missed for breakfast.. They did remodel about a year ago. Nothing major, just some table and booth changes. The bar area is the same and the food is great. I have enjoyed the pizza, calizones, and alfredo. There are numerous Italian places within 2 miles, and they have survived and done well.. The Rockies/D'backs new stadium is a hell of a place to catch a spring training game.  The field is beautiful, with the grass in the outfield being a nice touch.  We sat there one game and in the stands one game.  The people watching is better on the grass, but it's hot and rowdy, as the spring break crowds are over there.  The baseball watching is better from the stands.

The staff is super nice and they really seem happy that you're in the stadium.  The feel is much more relaxed than a major league game, and the whole environment feels very inclusive.  There are team stores everywhere which sell hideously overpriced merchandise, and a good variety of restaurants and stands.  The nachos were pretty mediocre, but the italian sausage sandwich and meatball sandwich from the stand in left field was pretty tasty, and the fresh kettle chips in center are good too, if oily.  Prices are standard ballpark prices.

The only thing that's really missing that was at Hi Corbett Field is a good place to get autographs from the players.  That's been one of the perks of going to Spring Training, and here you have a small area along the baseline to crowd in with everyone else who wants an autograph.  A couple years back, my girlfriend came home with a whole host of autographs, and this year we didn't snag a single one.  Overall, though, I'm betting this is one of the best, if not THE best, Spring Training fields in AZ.. If you're in the mood to drop about $500.00 for dinner for three, this is a great place to do it.  The highlights are cooking thin slices of Kobe Beef on a blazing hot rock, Sea Bass skewers, and the tempura Rock Shrimp.  Food and service is impeccable, albeit expensive.. Love the burgers, they have vegeterian option for almost all the burgers which is very rare in most of the restaurants. the best burger in montreal. The Italian sub was very tasty. Coming back for the meatball, cheesesteak, and desert.. Amazing experience! It is now one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Atmosphere was fantastic, elegant and dark. Great music selection as well. The service was also spectacular especially from the GM of the restaurant. We were given a very special and genuine dining experience especially since we are Vegans. The GM personally put his ideas and his heart into our unbelievably delicious meal. I'm very pleased and will be back soon. I'm already making plans for my next visit. Thanks Panevino!. We have been looking for a place like this for the last year.  We are from Hawaii and this was some of the best saimin we have had in a long time! Get the combo plate or the teriyaki pork and you cannot go wrong!. Chicken vindaloo is incredible. The manager gave us a great personal touch and recommended dinner. We tried both the cheese and garlic bread, and my friend had chicken makhani. The vindaloo melted in my mouth and the makhani sauce was superb over rice. Incredible place to have my first time eating Indian food.. Always honest always fair priced. I recommend them for most any auto repair.. For the size of this airport, McCarran does its job very well. Not OMG spectacular awesome, but efficient enough that I was able to make my international flight even though I arrived only an hour before departure.

As of today I now have experience with both terminals. Terminal 1, in my opinion, is much older, and I highly prefer flying out of Terminal 3. The international airlines, however, are situated the furthest from the ground transportation area, and therefore is quite a long walk. However, the place was quite quiet for a Tuesday night, and the baggage tag-in process went smoothly (we checked in online the night before; yay Air Canada!).

Security was smooth, again probably because we didn't travel during peak periods. If you're in D gates, you will have to ride the tram, which is about a 45 second ride. Also, no duty free in the D gates!

I hear several stories of 3-4 hour waits at check-in/security lines on weekend afternoons. I'll reserve that judgment if I ever experience it, but for non-peak times this is probably one of the most efficient airports I've been to for one this size.. This place is the best!  Amazing customer service and excellent selection of threads.  I even needed to get a dress tailored for my date the day before and they fixed it right on the spot.  Best part.... Wait for it.... They didn't even charge me.  I a big city it is rare to find this level of service and care.  I really appreciate everyone there for going out of there way to always take good care of me.. This is one of my favorite bars on the planet. It is just damn HOT. This is a place you can bring a date. The ratio here on a typical weekday evening is pretty balanced if you get there early evening. I actually prefer that time over the post-11pm hour from Thurs-Sat when it opens up as a dance floor. The logistics aren't really conducive to meeting other patrons aside from the bar perhaps. The bartenders are famously attractive and they make terrific martinis.  The ambiance is quite lovely and the venue is on a narrow cobblestone street in the quaint Old Port area of the city, adjacent from the famous Hotel Nelligan.  I highly recommend one visits this place if you're looking for a sleek and sexy bar to enjoy a drink.. This is the closest Hi-Health to my office and luckily, one of the best ones I have found. Mostly this is because Rebecca, the manager, was a nationally ranked fitness competitor and bodybuilder for 18 years who knows her stuff extremely well. Unlike some locations where you can tell that the employees only know what the company tells them to say, you can get some expert advice here.. Unbelievably wonderful place for kids to spend the day. Very clean. Good food even. The three story tall treehouse in the middle of the place is mind blowing cool!! Everyone with kids should go out of their way to make it here!. If you go to Vegas and you want a place to get sweets, this is a solid place to check out.  It's probably my favorite bakery.  I try to make it a point to drop by here when I head to Vegas.

When I come here, I get lost in the options.  They have great cakes, crepes, and candies.  Jean Phillipe is a world champion chocolatier and you can't go wrong with any dish containing chocolate in it.

I love their custard-filled crepes.  I add nutella and fruits to it.   Their crepes are overpriced, but so good.

I hear that Jean-Phillipe opened a new location @ the new Aria hotel and that, that location has more seating and less crowds.  This sweets shop is located in the Bellagio hotel.  It's kinda hidden, but it's definitely there.. Pete is the man. He cooks up a serious breakfast menu and all of his food is top notch. Glad I found this place. My new favorite.. We wanted to have a drink before our show and happened to come across AquaKnox. What a great suprise! Our bartender Mateo asked what we usually like to drink and took it from there. My husband discovered a new variety of Johnny Walker that he'd never tried. I enjoyed a blueberry infused vodka martini.
We enjoyed ourselves so much, we decided to come back to AquaKnox after the show. We enjoyed more unique cocktails paired with some great dishes to eat.
The next time you're in Vegas, you gotta go here. Be sure to ask for Mateo to prepare some amazing drinks!. I have been to Wanda's about 4 times since moving here and always enjoyed it.  I wouldn't classify it as an overly greasy , greasy spoon.  I think it's a very comfy place that reminds me of little Mom and Pop's from back east. Since I seem to stick to the breakfast MO... it's been good each time.  They have good diner coffee, nothing exotic, nor was I expecting it.  The waitresses are all very nice, with just the right amount of chattiness to make you feel at home, but not too much.  My breakfast today was a mushroom and cheese omelette + spinach.  My plate of food was huge and very tasty and with Coffee and Tax only $10.  I'll have to stop by here more often.

- Mushroom and Swiss Omelette + Spinach. I visited this cafe 5/18/12 while i was waiting for my clothes to finish washing at the laundry mat nearby. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with bacon sourdough bun. :) very good. I met the manager Mike (I think he is the owner but i'm not sure). Very friendly and professional.

 While i was eating my sandwich, two cops came in. I guess cops like the coffee here and the breakfast sandwich.

Will visit this cafe again in the near future.. I have known Danny for a few years.  I also personally know quite a few other agents.  But when it came time to get serious about finding a home, Danny was my obvious choice.  He had the same taste in homes and benefits of location I do, but most importantly, he isn't motivated by "making the sale".  His priority is finding you the right house, and once he does, he makes the entire process as smooth as possible.

If you haven't seen the inner workings of a real estate transaction, all I can say is that it's like watching sausage get made.  

Danny took care of everything, positioning my wife and I right with sellers, and we ended up with smooth buying experience.

My wife and I welcomed our daughter a week after closing, and as you could imagine - buying a house and having a kid at the same time is stressful!  Danny stuck by every step after closing with recommendations for contractors, etc. and keeping me sane while we made our house a home.

I would recommend Danny and his team in a heart beat!. Valenciana Paella is great. Good food, good atmosphere, good staff, and the price was write.  The $20.00 all you can eat sushi was right my alley.  The sake bombs were just what the doctor ordered as well.  Can't go wrong with Mido Sushi!. The customer service here is above average. I do appreciate that they take requests for grocery items, etc. The prices are competitive; however, it's unfortunate that I sometimes find items from the organic/vegetarian aisle to be cheaper at Vons. What keeps me coming back? Their deli. I love Boar's Head cheese. Especially the smoked Gouda.. Ok, now keep in mind a 5 star rating is in the eye of the reviewer, although I know most women wouldn't be caught dead in a great clips, most men aside to the metro's care enough about their hair for it to not look like total crap. 

That said, I've been going to this great clips for a couple of years now, and I always go back just because they are consistent.  For one they know how to cut my hair better than I do.  They seem to record and keep their customer hairstyle preference in their computer, so most times I can just sit down sit back and 20-30 minutes later be looking much better than when I walked in.  The stylist are young and most of them are friendly and talkative but don't push the matter if you're not feeling particularly chatty that day. also 13.00 feels like a steal, I know how much my wife and some women pay for their hair and to me it seems ridiculous, but I guess it's a matter of priorities.  addtionally it's located not 50 feet from the front door to my neighborhood safeway, so it's almost relieving sometimes to arrive and find they have a 20 minute wait which gives me just enough time to walk next door and pickup some odds and ends.

I know it's not exactly a world class salon, but for a guy like me, it serves me exactly the way I need it. so 5 stars from this reviewer.. Bad ass shop! Tyler is way cool and professional, good vibe in the shop. Highly recommended!. I tried the shrimp cocktail and four tacos special with the cowboy beans, shrimp cocktail was awesome and the street tacos were yummy.  The salsa bar was really good to put it on it was all fresh and their tortilla chips didn't taste like they were a week old they were great I'll definitely go back there. Such a great restaurant! Great food and great staff! Duc is a master! The deserts are works of art! Have the nicoise! Have really anything! It's all good!. This place is awesome. I love the shepherd or sheep herder's pie it was phenominal!. If you're looking for a more traditional Chinese experience for your pallet while in a traditional American setting with actual silverware look no further. Always yummy, it's one of my favorite Chinese places.. As another person said, this is a great place with nice owners and excellent service.  My wife is not a big eater and thought she'd just order the single pancake.  It was one pancake but it was enormous.  She probably ate one third of it.  I had the eggs benedict.  I'm pretty fussy with this entree and there are few places that make it exactly as I like.  They were good but I had to pick off the onions on top as I didn't know it would be served that way or I'd have asked them not to.  The English muffin could have been toasted more.  From what I saw though, everything else looked great.  We will go back especially because the people there seem so nice.. This is one of my favorite clubs. We went for a birthday and bottle service. The service was great and the dancer are always great to watch. This little place right off the Fremont Street Experience was really a surprise. Being from Texas I can seldom expect decent Mexican food  away from home in touristy locales. This was really great. Our party had the Enchillada De Pollo which is Pulled Chicken, Queso Fresco, Onions, Mole Poblano Sauce Service was great and the ambience relaxing amidst the craziness of Fremont street.  It's fairly easy to spot off of Fremont Street since there is a 7-foot tall pink neon monkey clinging to the rooftop.. My Bestie and I were attending a concert recently (Steely Dan!), and, as we often do, we opted to stay at Hotel Palomar, which is within walking distance of the venue. I learned of The Strand while searching the worldwide interweb for dinner plans.

We arrived about 5:15 on a Tuesday, so it was not at all crowded. It did, however, mostly fill up while we were there.

The calamari was okay, but I would not place it in my Top 3. Not bad, just not shout-worthy. The Angry Shrimp was excellent and not too spicy in our opinions. The seafood linguine was delicious! Mussels and scallops and shrimp (oh, my!) were not over- or under-cooked, and the pasta was terrific. We opted for a bottle of Cabernet / Merlot / Syrah ('Super Tuscan') which was just right. Kudos to Ashley for outstanding service.

We're going to another concert in about a week, and I'm pretty sure I know where dinner will be..... The best Gyro combo ever! The pita was fresh and good deal for great price! FRESH! I had the salad as a side also fresh and good. The girl at counter was very friendly and brought my food out to my table. Nice outside patio area too!. Bluephies, like Harvest which I just reviewed, has managed to spark considerable disagreement in its own respectable demographic. Some people think it's overpriced, overrated as a Madison hot spot, frequently inconsistent, very hit or miss service. 

If you had asked me before their recent renovation I would have agreed more with that side. But shortly after that renovation I went there and had an amazing dinner I didn't think Bluephies was capable of producing. I thought maybe it had finally turned to rounding out those issues that a restaurant of its citywide acclaim should have no problems with. 

Following this great dinner, I went back for another and the dish I got was totally made with the wrong ingredients, same kiesh different goodies. I had never sent a dish back before but this was simply not the dish I wanted at all. The waitress offered to bring me something else for free, but in the essence of time I settled with it. The incident though, actually raised my opinion of Bluephies, because after the waitress apologized, the manager came out to see me and apologized also. It was good business to come out sure, but more so she really cared that I didn't get what I asked for. No one wants to wait while everyone in your party eats because you're waiting for a second attempt at your plate--she totally understood this. So I came away with actually a higher opinion of the place from the way it was handled and the freeness. 

Realistically, they are probably still having kitchen/wait staff communication breakdowns at times. I've had servers go MIA for 20 minutes. But the fact is Bluephies usually serves a mean brunch and when it's on, its RIGHT on. A nice alternative to the mess of Mickey's though it can have equal wait time. 

Since the renovations, the upgrade to their dinner menu and their continually very solid brunch Bluephies has earned the right to sit in the pantheon of Madison restaurants. I hope they keep improving this place and it's still around in twenty years because it's already been building that kind of legacy.. We recently went here for my best friends 21st birthday and I must say it was not a traditional 21st. It was way more fun than that! We had an unbelievably good time there. The Pineapple Express is absolutely amazing, and it's and awesome drink for those who hate the taste of alcohol, aka me. The waitress and waiter were absolutely both amazing. They were so accommodating, sweet and lively! They made the day more special with a song dedicated to our birthday girl! Thank you guys so much. 

I might add though, some people and the front aren't as friendly as I would have liked, the girl at the front desk was kind of into getting me out of her face more than talking, and it's not because there was a wait, there wasn't one. BESIDES THAT, everything was fantastic, if you do plants come here, intend to spend some money, but that's what fun is for! It's so much fun hitting the golf balls, whether you're bad like me, or experienced. AND PLEASE TIP YOUR SERVERS 20%. :)  thanks!. Excellent great Hawaiian food and period!!!!!!

If u don't believe me ask ABE!

One dish is Food for 2 and some on tha portions!. Our dogs were barking after walking 5 hours on concrete convention floor, and we needed an easy and lighter fare dinner.  Decision was made to eat here as it was the closer of 2 restaurants along Luxor-Mandalay Bay's "restaurant row", that I'd made a reservation for that evening (yep, I canceled the other reservation).  

We were not disappointed.  Fresh and delicious seafood, with reasonable wine prices, absolutely fantastic pre-meal breads (best drop biscuits I've ever eaten, BTW and I'm remembering them 3 weeks later), and a swank ambiance.  The night we ate there it was still Happy Hour on arrival, so we noshed on appetizers, small plates, and 4-5 different types of fresh oysters flown in that morning.  Add a great server to the mix and there's your 5 stars (ask for George, Dining Captain; he's been there 6 years).

Food items: Cioppino (Italian seafood stew); charred grilled octopus w/ fingerling potatoes; fresh oysters; seafood escabeche; various sushi rolls.  All 5 stars for flavor and presentation, and 7.00 wines by the glass that were plain wonderful.  (Note: the mussels in our cioppino were bad so our server went straight to the chef, who inspected the entire daily mussel batch; their only miscue of the evening).

Big Tip on RM: Arrive while Happy Hour is still going on; you'll save lots of dough and really enjoy the chic bar area.  Try one of the high-top tables, you won't regret it.  The hostess said (addressing our very tired convention feet) that the bar seats are the most comfortable she's ever sat in, so we took her advice and did so.  She was right.  It was like sliding into a luxury car seat.  We let our dining room seating go to someone else (dining room is equally chic and no doubt comfy). 

Our bill with tip, for 3 people was $250.00, but with plenty of wine (and I think a few cocktails) on the bill, and being in Vegas, that's not bad at all for the experience we had at RM.. I am not much of a hiker but this can be fun when you are with the right people (I've done it a few times). It can be a challenging hike depending on the path you take.  Some helpful hints: definitely take some good hiking shoes, water, snacks and don't try this in the summer.  When you get to the top, you will have an amazing view of Phoenix.  You might want to bring a camera.  Be careful coming down.  You might slip a bit.. Was just here yesterday and there was a car hop (girl in her late teens I think) whose customer service skills were on point for a sonic. Just friendly and knew exactly how to keep a conversation. Forgot her name but you don't run across many car hops like her so she shouldn't be that hard to pin point! Great job!. Spending a long weekend in Phoenix and out adventuring around, I dropped into Snooze for brunch.  From the moment I walked in and heard Erasure playing,  I was hooked. I sat at the bar and had the gazpacho bloody mary done spicy and the breakfast pot pie. The food was perfect (an absolutely perfectly done sunny side up egg!) and the young and friendly staff was terrific. Love the vibe!. The food was amazing, as well as the live music, but the waitress was awfully slow. First, I want to note that this restaurant in MGM is not called Wolfgang Puck Express. 

The real name is Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill!
Someone made a mistake when starting this review thread...

So on to the food. I had a braised short rib dish served with some sort of pasta filled with cheese. There were also cooked mushrooms and spinach that came with the dish. It was very tasty. One of my friends had the skirt steak with fries, which also had great flavor.

The service was top notch and very attentive. Our water glasses were constantly being filled up. This is especially important in Vegas where the weather is very dry.

The dinner prices were very reasonable for a "name brand" restaurant. Most dishes were in the $18 - $30 range.

I had to take away one star because our table bread arrived cold. They gotta serve it warm to get five stars.. Our recent stay here for my sons birthday was excellent. The service was exceptional. I must give recognition to Casey, Peter, Ricardo, and Drew, these members of the bell staff go above and beyond. Ryan and management at the Stonegrill did an awesome job as well and fulfilled all of our requests. While we were poolside we received great service as well, everyone was very attentive and courteous. We enjoyed our stay very much and are looking forward to the next stay.. Very good breakfast. The six egg omelet is enough for two! Their potatoes are like potato chips but better.  Their stuffed French toast is really thick and stuffed with apples or blueberries.. This review is for the Buffet at Wynn and not for the hotel/casino as a whole. 

I want to start off by saying that according to many publications and the voice of "the people", the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet are the most popular and highest quality buffets in Vegas. I've been to both as well as many "lesser" buffets in Vegas but I'm only going to compare the Bellagio and the Wynn in this review. 

In a nutshell, I like the Wynn buffet better. Quality isn't the issue, as both buffets have fresh, quality food items offered. 

I like the Wynn better because of space and location. At the Bellagio buffet, the layout is cramped and it feels like I'm in a Wal-Mart on Black Friday in Philly. Vegas is crowded, I get it. Even the biggest agoraphobe has to recognize and accept this. However, I don't want to deal with this when I'm trying to get my eat on. 

At the Wynn, the layout  feels more spacious and the tables are spaced apart enough so that even if the place was full, you feel like you're at a table in a traditional restaurant. 

Location: the Bellagio casino/hotel is more centrally located on the strip so naturally it would attract more people to their business. With this unfortunately brings some people you don't want to be around. And when I don't want to be around them normally, I certainly don't want to be around them in a buffet. Consequently, the Bellagio seems messier and dirtier when busy for the same reason. 

The Wynn is located farther down the strip and most people don't feel like walking there. Relaxing and enjoying a good meal at their buffet is a reward for your exercise. 

I don't know, maybe I'm nuts or maybe I've been to the Bellagio when it was super busy and to the Wynn when it wasn't (dinner on a weekend should have been). 

I suppose I must talk about the food at least a little bit, we are after all reviewing a buffet. First off, you need to know that everything is fresh. Here is some of what was offered the last time I was there (a few weeks ago): a "starter station" (the obligatory soup and salad, Italian cured meats, cheeses, baguettes with several spreads), several types of ceviches, oysters Rockefeller, an Italian section (chicken Cacciatore, various pastas, green pea risotto), an Asian section (some stir fry, some dim sum items, sushi), a roasting/oven station (with lamb, turkey, veal short ribs, lamb stew, and a traditional roast), a seafood section (shrimp, Alaskan crab legs) and finally a dessert station. That's just off the top of my head, I did not get to partake in every station. 

About the last sentence above, I know it's a nice place, but let's be real here, it's still a fucking buffet and you need to hunker down and EAT. Bring your family here, bring your wife/girlfriend/bf for a nice meal where each of you eat three small plates max but when you're ready for the pros, come alone or with a friend(s) that can put a hurt on some food. 

I enjoyed everything I had but what stood out for me was the lamb roast, the short ribs, and the oysters Rockerfeller. Everything was so good that I ate stuff I normally don't like or eat too much of like the roast turkey (Thanksgiving again, yay!) and sweets. Yeah, I'm a weirdo, I don't like sweets too much (not to mention if I eat too much I feel like dying). Anyway, I enjoyed the lime/coconut cups and the creme brulee, both were awesome. 

Price, *meh*, If you even have the Wynn Buffet on your mind, you should be able to afford it, so don't bitch. 

Toodles.. Excellent food. Tuna Melt was delicious. The veggie pizza was amazing and the pizza with shrimp had a nice kick. Jeremy S must be making up his story because everything about this place was great. What an awesome service! I had a great experience using T4T for my two night stay in Vegas. 

The first day I got into Vegas, I arrived a little late- like 3-4PM. I wanted to see a show that night but I knew Tix 4 Tonight might be sold out of all their good seats..  Most Yelp reviews say you have to get there at 9:30AM. Also, I was prepared to settle for a less popular show because most Yelp reviews said you can't really get Cirque shows from Tix 4 Tonight.

Would you believe how surprised I was when i rolled up to Tix 4 Tonight that evening and purchased two Sec. 1 tickets for KA for only $100 each? For two seats that I would have had to spend $340 for a pair, I got them for only $200- and with only hours to spare until the start of the show! I was amazed! 

And would you believe the NEXT day I was able to go back to Tix 4 Tonight again at about Noon- use my VIP line entrance and $2 discount- and snag two more tickets to see Zumanity at an insanely discounted price.

During my experience with the Tix 4 Tonight staff, they were very knowledgeable on all of the shows and what to expect from them. I had a conversation with one staff member who told me that Lion King was too new, so don't expect to see them on Tix 4 Tonight anytime soon... and O is the only Cirque show they don't get tickets for because it is the most popular. So keep this in mind, Yelpers!

You still have to go to the official ticket booths at the hotels to claim your tickets- but this is only a minor inconvenience since you're probably cruising the strip anyway... And another tip, don't feel pressure to buy the best seats available because all of these theaters are made specifically for the show it houses, so all the seats have great views. 

Tix 4 Tonight made my Vegas trip a whole lot better with it's discounted tickets.. I have seen their advertisements for cheap lunches for over a year and just never made it in. Maybe it looked too fancy from the outside or I just didn't expect to be able to get in and out in a quick amount of time. To my surprise, the place wasn't all too busy during the 'lunch rush' time. Most of the customers were senior citizens? What's wrong with this picture!? Must be Madison's best kept secret for lunch.

I've eaten here twice in one week... my first trip was great, Caesar salad with shrimp and lobster chowder was tasty and filling! All that was but a mere $7! My second trip I went to try something different... the $8 options this time. A little more hearty this time... I ordered the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich with french onion soup. Two rocking meals in one week? Can't wait to go for the $9 option next time.

Staff is really friends and checks on you enough to refill bread and drinks. This may just become my new lunch spot.. On the strip and reasonably priced.  Good food with cold beer.  Need wifi.. Stayed here many times for work. Always a great stay. It is off the strip but walking distance to the monorail.  I use to use valet parking but you can self park for free.  Rooms are big and beds are very comfy.  Free in room coffee.. Very nice little place in the middle of no place. I had a sandwich with my wife for 5.99 and it was enough for the two of us and it was good too.

Def give it a try.. Poke heaven! These folks really understand. I tasted my way through many of their selections, all delicious. They are so patient. Finally got a lot of kimchee style tako poke, plus of course ahi shoyu poke. Made me want to go back to Hawaii, um, how about go back to LV? Now that I found them, I can eat lunch here and then go to 888, a few doors down, later. Both have made me forget about buffets.. As close as you will get to a NY deli in Vegas, everything is great and the portions are HUGE.  This place is hidden in the back corner of a shopping center so get the address before you head over.... Amazingly great service and food!  The prime rib is beyond awesome, the baked potatoes with free sides of chives, bacon, sour cream and button are amazing as is the Spanish Red Wine they have for very reasonable price.  They cook the steaks on a natural charcoal grill as they should unlike most places using gas.  Wayne Gorsek. Needed a duplicate key made for my Pontiac Grand prix, and got a quote for over a $100 from the local GM dealer. When I went to Freeway Chevrolet they made a copy for just a little over $30 and told me how to program it for my car. It didn't work, but they had an OEM key for me the next day that fixed the problem with the anti theft system. Great experience with the parts department overall.. A lot of people seem to either like or hate the old Vegas. Me personally, I enjoyed it. It's cheaper for everything from rooms, to food, to drink. Not to mention this hotel is at the very heart of Fremont Street, which is why most people visit the old Vegas.

Stayed in an upgraded room Gold Tower. First perk I noticed was the 24/7 candy/nut and water bar in elevator lobby on our way to our room. In the room itself there were  CDs, a DVD player, and an HD TV.

The room itself was very ambient, almost posh. To give an example, the mirror in the bathroom has a TV in it. I don't see that kind of flair very often.

The downside to this room was the tub/shower itself. It was difficult to take one due to the spacing issues and just seem to be broken down and/or not working the way that is expected of such.

Other than the tub/shower issue, it was a pretty nice stay for $140/night during our visit. Will definitely come here again. And if you end up giving this place a try, dish out the extra money for Gold Tower rooms, they're worth it for the price.. Kids took me for Father's day... Yummy stuff. I normally do not like to eat fish except sushi, but I'd go back in a heartbeat for the Amritsari Fish:
Fresh Halibut marinated in garlic & ginger paste, lemon juice, 
special Indian spices and deep fried garnished with salad and lemon. Also had the veggie Pakora, Samosa, Naan and the Tandoori platter. Other mains were the Chicken Korma, Lamb Vindaloo and Dahl. While I wasn't wild about the tandoori platter, everything else was excellent, especially the lamb Vindaloo. Excellent value and capable, attentive service. Can't wait for my next visit.. I am only in central PHX for 2 years, I am used to great Chinese food in NYC where I came from. I found a great take out in north Scottsdale which I also rate 5 stars, Red House. This place is a nice size restaurant, mostly Asian clientele, and you could tell they are satisfied regulars. I was referred here, came with 3 friends, and we were so impressed. The menu is so huge with food from many regions and Hong Kong. There was so much I wanted to try, I will be back regularly to do so. We had noodle dishes, egg rolls, soups, dumplings, Chicken and pork dishes, we ate enough for 3 meals. Everything was so great. The waitress spoke English but with a little difficulty. She was so cheerful, friendly, pleasant and came back when she could despite the huge crowd at 8 PM.

It was the best 20 minute trip I took since moving here.. Two weeks into a three week trip out west and finally have had an outstanding meal. I literally could have ordered anything on the menu. The mushroom-pumpkin soup was really tasty (my wife gave me but one spoonful). Lentil soup was superb. Would order the pomegranate chicken again if I did not want to someday try the whole menu. 
Alas, we live in PA, just a little too far for dinner and a movie. If this place was close to home we would be there all the time. The very friendly owner came by to chat twice during our meal. This is a family owned business: she is Greek, hubby the chef is Italian. Decor is simple and immaculately kept.
Oh yes, don't leave without eating the pumpkin cheesecake.. One of my favorite booksellers.  Almost always has the book or magazine I'm looking for.  Also has a Starbucks and good music section inside.  You can go in there and read a book for a while in their comfy chairs.  

The parking there is absolutely terrible though, you have to drive around and wait for someone to pull out, or go to the parking garage on the other side of Kierland.  Their cd prices are usually overpriced, if you have a membership, then you can get very good sales.. Car wash that does a real nice job pretty quickly.  Good lounge area with music, TV and water to relax while you wait.. Funktional Fitness is the best place to go if you are interested in changing your body. Their groupfit sessions have personal trainers as instuctors leading class. All the movements are precise and core related. The staff rocks and are super friendly, no long term commitments, lots of class times, and they are always there to answer any questions. They also have guest speakers do presentaions on various health topics. I am glad I found Funktional Fitness and I will never go back to a regular gym. One of the best sandwich shops in town! The Smokehouse Cheddar beef brisket sub is the best, hands down!. The wings are awesome! Good place to go before a game or event downtown. Food is good and staff is nice.. Wait, is this Phoenix still?  

Completely unexpected selection, service, pricing, and sexy girls serving flavored happy.  Thought I was in another city.. Ive been eating Red Eagle Tortillas since before I could walk. I have tried many brands of tortillas and I still find myself wishing they were Red Eagle, especially when I lived out of state for a while. 

They use simple ingredients in their products so you have to eat them quick, because they don't last as long as other tortillas with preservatives. Their flower tortillas should be stored in a sealed large zip-lock bag, be sure to remove as much air to keep them fresh and soft. If they get exposed to the air they will harden, like most tortillas without anti-cracking agents. 

The corn tortillas can be stored in their original packing just making sure to try and remove some or all the air from the bag before sealing it up and storing it back. Most people do not read the heating instructions in the front of the bag. It states that the corn tortillas need to be wet when heated. I believe these make them softer and a little thicker just like homemade. I have tried heating it with and without being wet and it does make a difference. Though either way for they taste great to me. 

These are one of the last few manufactures of authentic tortillas in the city and I hope they stay in business for a long time.. We stopped in while waiting for our service at Big O to be done. It's a great "hole in the wall" Chinese place! Prices are fair, and the sheer amount of good makes it a great value. Place was a clean, and staff friendly & attentive. Would have given it a 5 but the oil the fried portions were prepared in was old and it showed in the taste. The non-fried food was awesome.. I've been a regular at Sport Clips for about 5 years now--and this location is my favorite. I've moved from outside the immediate area but still return monthly. There are many skilled stylists--but I'd recommend Kathryn. She is fantastic with hair! And comes with a great personality, too.. Had a business dinner here at Steak 44, had never been before. Heard lots of good reviews from co-workers. Good thing this was a business expense, as the cost was beyond my regular eating out budget. But I would consider for special occasions. 

We started with oysters, jumbo shrimp, and the pork belly. All excellent.

For dinner, there was a filter and lobster (surf n turf), two steak farina, and I had the Regular NY Strip Oscar. The table got very quiet when the food arrived. No one wanted to stop eating long enough to talk, it was that good!

S'Mores in a Jar, and the an apple cake special that was amazing.

All in all, a great experience. Great service as well. If you've never been here, it's worth a visit.. When you're in Vegas it's not easy to find food.  I don't mean good food, I mean edible stuff.  You can find american "food" potatoes and crap on a bun, you can find steak aplenty, but all of it will make you feel sluggish and fat shortly thereafter.  There are lots of donut places!

Of course when you're in Vegas you'll have a car.  Actually I did it once without a car, but it wasn't easy.  So with your car you will be equiped with GPS, and your phone of course will be tuned to Yelp.FM.  

So in my quest to go to someplace good, I found this great spot.  Huge outdoor seating and of course LV so perfect warm weather.  Sipping a beer while I'm thinking of what to order.  There is something nice about sipping beer in the afternoon.  I know I'm on vacation then!

The waiter brought me a copy of the local music guide, kinda like a village voice supplement or something.  I sat flipping through that while I waited for my drunk man pad-see-ew.  Yum!

Good veggies, nicely sauteed, I can't believe I'm in vegas, time to order another Singha!

A great afternoon experience, I'd search this place out next time I'm in vegas for a conference.. If you are a QB Shades of the West is your go to receiver. If you are a WR then this place is the "hot route." 

I was recently in town with my brother watching some spring training games and we honestly visited Shades of the West at least twice a day for about 4 days. 

This place is so packed full of goodies it may take hours if not days to fully discover the gems that are buried underneath other shirts/hoodies and hats. Shades of the West almost has 5 parts to the store. There is the home-ware section (glasses, plates, salad servers), the clothing/shoes section (tons of Minnetonka shoes), the food section(features tons of hot sauces, prickly pear cactus goods, spices), the jewelry section and my favorite the random sports clothing section (I unearthed a rocking pair of D-Back Nike shorts). 

When you make a purchase be patient, they still write up an old school receipt almost like you are at a Western gold mining plant. Actually the inside of the store somewhat resembles what I feel a gold mining plant may look like. 

Everything in the store is for sale, the things hanging from the ceiling, the chips you taste, the crazy looking NBA All Star 2009 Hat (One of the craziest/best hats I have ever seen) and most importantly the funky looking howling coyote sitting outside. 

If you are in Scottsdale take an hour to visit Shades of the West. I guarantee you will find something there you need or desire. 

The prickly pear syrup rocks give it a whirl if you like making your drinks a lil funky.. My friend from Oregon recommended we stop at Bentleys for some coffee. I was familiar with the location, but not the business, so we went and were not disappointed!

First off the location is easy to get to and offers drive thrus on both sides of the building.

Second, their coffees are fantastic. The have their own coffee roasted just for their specs and you can taste the difference! I went with my Iced Americano and my wife had something absolutely fantastic! Her drink was espresso mixed with nonfat yogurt! Holy moly that was the BOMB!

Randy pulled our shots, answered our questions and was a great guy! This  is a must stop stop!. We used this service twice - once even at 4 in the morning. They were always prompt, the fares were reasonable, and our first driver at least was very personable. They saved our bacon both times, as we had to call them last minute and they were available. I recommend them to anyone who has to travel around Edinburgh!. These are the best sandwiches in the whole western USA. Their creations are not only creative but extremely tasty. I found out about this place because of groupon, but can't stop going back. Great coffee, good prices, and just an over all fun atmosphere. Plus the internet is really quick here.. Yum, the sushi was great.  My husband had the Pad Thai and loved it as well.  Service and atmosphere is wonderful also.  We will be returning.. Really nice little breakfast place! Recommend their bagel and pan fried potatoes! Also very affordable.. Top five favorite fast food spots.  I especially enjoy it if I can get a quesdilla as one of my side items, but only certain stores provide this option.  It is a must to get a tray here and add a milk shake for only 1 dollar.  I prefer the chocolate peanut butter milk shake, but with I believe 52 different milk shakes you can choose whatever catches your eye.. This place is awesome.

Came here for lunch at about 1:30PM, so it was pretty empty. First thing you notice is the extremely white and sleek decor; I thought this place was like a tech company or something when I was walking in. The staff is really attentive and nice; after reading some of the other reviewers I really don't understand the problems with the service. They have cute little water pitchers and tall, skinny glasses so you never have to go thirsty but you can still have water in a reasonably formal manner. It's a little bit pretentious, I admit, but it worked for me.

I got the gazpacho soup of the day with toasted bread and goat cheese, beet and walnut burger, and cheese curds. How did a carnivore like me manage to order a vegetarian meal? I have absolutely no idea upon reflection, but whatever; it was all good.

The gazpacho soup of the day was good at best on its own, but that goat cheese was absolutely heavenly; and I've had my share of goat cheeses. Perfect for the warm day that it was.

Who would've thought that the star of the meal was the cheese curds? Not me. But those cheese curds were better than Old Fashioned cheese curds; and that's saying something. Graze cheese curds are massive. There's just something about the bigger size and tangy dill sauce that kept my mouthgasm going on for a lot longer and repeatedly.

That beet and walnut burger also had some serious flavor. The patty had a surprisingly pleasant texture that definitely didn't really remind me of a normal burger, but it was sweet and fragrant while not being overwhelming. To be honest, it almost acted like a buffer between the other flavor explosions in within the burger. My only complaint was that the bun was loaded with grease (from what, even?? It was literally veggies, some sauces, and the patty), especially the bottom. Oil? I can tolerate, especially in a veggie burger. But having to hold the bottom bun coagulating not because of watery juices, but from oil, definitely took away from the experience.

The prices were also a touch high here. That walnut burger (alone) would probably have been more appropriately priced at $9, and the cheese curds a dollar or two lower.

But overall, a really solid place. Come if you're in the vicinity. Good food, good flavors, good ambience, and good service, for high-ish prices.. Was in and out, Hawaiian guy was great made my first time there enjoyable. Will look into coming to purchase another firearm again in the futurez. Very good place. Had a quick lunch. Easy to get to. Staff was friendly. Good was fresh hot and delicious. Affordable price. Can eat quick but not feel like fast food. Quality of food is great. Comes out fast but doesn't feel rushed.. Been going to Ocean Club since it opened and have never been disappointed. My wife and I had the house salad which we split and it's always outstanding. Well worth the $17. 
We also split the Chilean Sea Bass on searing plates. $49. Never needed a knife. For a side we had the creamy spinach. 
It was my wife's birthday and we were comped a wonderful chocolate raspberry cake. 
Can't say enough about out service. We had a leisurely 3 hour dinner and were never rushed.. For over a year they have serviced my cars and not only been honest, reasonably priced, but offer fantastic service.  With most auto places you get one or maybe two of the three.
They do go off the time table printed in manuals to repair items (spark plugs inlcuded) and of course, BILLY C. , the quality of the plugs can make a difference too.

They did make a mistake on my ex wife's car but then called me (I was paying for it) and offered to fix it as well as provide a rental car if needed.  We wouldn't have noticed, but they were being honest.

As for pricing, they provide military discounts which help.  I'd recommend them always. I'm not complaining at all. This Red Lobster is great and I really did enjoy the food.  I love pizza.  They have lobster pizza and we had it for an appetizer and it was outstanding.  The lobster and shrimp is good too.  I give it 4 stars simply because of the location.  It's not in the best neighborhood but nevertheless it was good and I appreciated the service as well.. Great restaurant. Food is great, usually go for the breakfast. Breakfast burrito with sweet potato tater tots is terrific. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Great choice if your in the desert ridge area of Phoenix.. First of all I admit, I'm not a big baseball fan.  I'm originally from North Dakota - i.e. no professional sports, er...no sports at all, unless you think ice fishing is a sport - so I wasn't raised in a household that watched baseball.  Luckily for me, I moved out of North Dakota and ventured to Massachusetts and fell in love with a gal from Boston.  Yes, I married a Red Sox fan.  Marie does not go overboard, but she definitely was raised seeing the Green Monster of Fenway a few times a year.  So I have learned a bit about baseball from her. Yeah, I'm a real man.

On Monday, June 30, I received a game ticket from my sister for a Diamondback's game.  They were playing against the Milwaukee Brewer's.  The ticket was from her bosses season seats and I was meeting my brother-in-law and nephew at the game.  Our seats were in section G, row J.  Now I don't know baseball, but I know good seats and these were great seats.  Privileged as we were, we had waiter service for our beer and food ($57 including tip for 2 big beers, two hot dogs, and 3 large sodas).  The hot dog was nothing special but it was fun eating it 9 rows from the game.  The Diamondbacks won 6-3 and I was able to see all the action up close and personal.

It was exciting. The stadium was wonderful.  Phoenix should be proud of having such a fine building for its baseball team.  It was fun watching the people getting into the game.  The ushers were friendly and helpful.  

I spent my whole life in the arts.  Now I see how the other half lives and it was fun.  Soon, I'll check out the game from the cheaper seats.  I'm sure it will be as much fun.

Here is the game's play by play: http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/playbyplay?gameId=280630129. Great place!!

The best part surprisingly is the buns!! Its easy the best hotdog in the city without just being a salt fest. Its really good quality sausages instead of generic Weiner's from the provigo.

I highly recommend this place.. I have been going there for five years. I get compliments for men and women on my glasses. They have always provided good customer service. I was always helped right away, sometimes there was wait, but then I got to browse their selection.  I understand now that they are under new management. I went in there today and they were falling over themselves to help me. Even though I had gotten satisfactory service previously, I was taken aback by their enthusiasm this time. Give them a shot!. The subs are always awesome here..today I got the hook and ladder light which is a good option if you want a lower calorie sub. On the other hand you can get the Italian sub which is full of salami and ham. Also they have a hot sauce bar that you can try a ton of different sauces which is kind of fun.. I love finding off-the-strip restaurants in Vegas.  Forte was an interesting experience - our first time trying Ukrainian food.  We ordered a bunch of plates, and were happy with almost all of them.  Favorites included the beef stroganoff rago (SO good) and the kahchapurri (wished I didn't have to share this one.)  The calamari relleno was good (I liked it more than my wife did though), and we both enjoyed the dates.  Finished the meal with an order of biscuit cake, which was a satisfying ending.  Make sure you aren't in a rush though - service was very friendly, but a bit on the slow side.  Overall, a very nice restaurant, and a place with a lot more on the menu that we'd like to come back and try.. Located inside the Golden Nugget in Downtown came here last night for my Aunt's Birthday place is not that big but the staff is very attentive they don't leave you hanging and even the manager comes around and helps with any questions and even takes the order. They have two hibachi grills seats around maybe 16,  8 on one side 8 on the other since they have two chefs cooking on each one. We elected to sit at a table we had a group of 8 service was very fast for it being pretty busy. The one thing i found odd was that we only were able to get one tea kettle they ran out so our whole table had to share one with many refills. Food was good we ordered family style we got like 5 dishes of 2 each my fav was the honey glazed shrimp and the beef broccoli. The appetizers were also good which was the egg rolls and gyozas. Price was pretty expensive but what do you expect for Vegas and the Golden Nugget lol. I'd dine here again.. I went with a group of five to have Sunday dinner prior to catching James Lastra performing at the Evening Muse which is just across the street.

They have nice selection of cajun/creole on the menu. I had the shrimp and crawfish etoufee. It was good, but I didn't care for abundance of uncooked celery.

Everyone liked what they had and we all shared some of the She Crab soup for an appetizer, it was really good.

The service was fair, even though it was slow for a Sun evening.. I must say the prices and selection is priceless !! great place to get your health on !!. Friendly staff with a good selection of healthy dog food for our Belgian Mal. Definitely recommend checking it out for a healthy alternative to the mainstream dog foods that are laden with grain and garbage ingredients.. The executive chef Jason is a prodigy! Chicken parm was to die for, and everything was reasonably priced. Server was okay, you could tell she didn't want to be there, but we all have days like that. 

I'd love to see them have some good wine specials to pair with the amazing food. Maybe do a meat and cheese plate paired with a featured wine? I'm not sure if they offer happy hour, but if so it isn't very well advertised 

Glad I stumbled upon this neighborhood gem, I look forward to this becoming one of my regular spots.. Excellent service, attentive but not intrusive while while we enjoyed our evening.  We started with Thai ice teas which include free refills - unheard in Portland.  Next was two scrumptious appetizers - potstickers and I believe was called yum yum shrimp - shrimp/crab in a curry sauce - wow! Next, we ordered three entrees - BBQ chicken, eggplant with seafood, and chicken with broccoli.

All dishes were well prepared - eggplant was ordered with no spice, and all flavoring a were savored with each delectable bite - yummy!! BBQ was moist and tender, some so rare to find in Portland.

My friends patronize Panna Thai occasionally but this was my first visit, I will be back!. "Authentic Chinese food. Huge Selection."

Golden Harbor is one of the most authentic Chinese restaurant in the area. I recommend #514 the Szechuan Water Fish Fillet, if you like spicy food. The Kung Pao Chicken, Kung Pao Shrimp and Garlic Shrimp are also good if you are not a huge fan of spicy food, but want some heat. The side of beef fried rice from the menu is huge and is not the same type of fried rice that comes with as a side dish of a meal. Order it if you like fried rice - this fried rice is of better quality.
There is a huge Chinese menu on the wall, but have no fear, they now have a large translated Chinese menu and a Americanized Chinese menu, both in English. This is not a place to go to expect the fake Americanized Oriental Chinese atmosphere with Chinese music playing in the background, but is a restaurant that actually serves authentic Chinese food. Like most restaurants in China, it is order, pay, and be served with little interruption from the staff after the food in delivered. Do not a fancy Red Americanized Chinese atmosphere, and you will not be disappointed. As this is one of the most frequented local restaurants for international students from both China and Taiwan, if you like authentic Chinese food, you will not be disappointed.. We don't often write reviews on services that we receive, however our experience with Poolscapes warrants our high praise for the work that was performed on the planning and construction of our new swimming pool. My wife and I are not new to this rodeo and in fact we have built two other pools over the years, one of which was as an owner-builder. I mention this only to reinforce that we understand the process of having a pool constructed at a private residence.

After explaining what we were looking for in a pool for our rather small back yard area, Ivan and company took to developing a computer-generated mock-up of our design. The use of this technology gave us a very good idea as to what the pool would look like and was very helpful in deciding pool equipment location and other considerations relating to our pool.

Based on our understanding of how the pool was to be constructed, Ivan introduced an itemized cost for construction, including a number of decision points on various upgrades and new technology available in modern pool construction. This presentation was frank and did not rely on any high pressure salesmanship whatsoever.

Once we inked the deal, construction began in accordance with our agreements and was smooth sailing from painting the outline of the pool, digging the first scoop of dirt to the finished plaster and filling up the pool. In addition to the pool construction we also hired Poolscapes to do the landscaping of our pool and yard area, which exceeded our expectations.

We found the Poolscapes people at every level to be courteous and responded quickly to our questions and concerns. Our emails were returned promptly and the entire build happened with a minimum anxiety or concern on our part. We would like to acknowledge the following folks for their friendly and competent response to us. Ivan's confident, "we can get it done," persona, Scott the project superintendent (quick to respond to our emails) and Leroy the project foreman (a genuinely patient and friendly guy). Finally, we would like to acknowledge Scott the landscaping manager/designer, who oversaw a really nice landscaping outcome.

We would most certainly recommend Poolscapes to anyone wanting a competent pool company who meets their obligations, adheres to their cost proposal, timelines and provision of friendly service.

Sincerely,
Jim & Karla Sida
Henderson, Nevada. Amazing food, great service and very relaxing and inviting atmosphere, there is no wonder why this place is a locals favorite.
This visit I we had the Beef Jerkey, Tom Yum Goong soup, Pad Thai and Duck Salad. Every dish had wonderful flavors and even the dish we ordered at a hot level 9 wasn't too spicy.  Best dish of the night though was the Beef Jerkey, definitly a must try.
Decor of the restaurant was cute and very Thai. Everything was clean and neat and the wait staff were all very friendly, helpful and efficient. 
If you like Thia food or want to give it a try this place is a must.. I recently took a friend who was visiting from Chicago here and he looked around and said, "I thought you guys only had desert and cactus".  Well, that's the usual stereotype but no, we have a lot of farms; you should have seen the look on his face when I pointed out some of the cotton fields in the south and east valley!.

As others have said, this is just a gem of a place. I just can't think of a more peaceful place to enjoy a meal.  My go-to spot is the Morning Glory Cafe. Good coffee, fresh-pressed juice from local citrus and the huevos rancheros are delicious.  After eating I like to walk through the pecan trees and check out the garden plots.

Nice, relaxing spot. Great way to start the day.. I actually downloaded Yelp just to leave a review for Bocho.  This place is incredible and one of the best "whole package" sushi restaurants I have ever been to.  Prices were awesome...all you can eat for 30 bucks or 30% off happy hour and that includes the alcohol.  The quality and variety is outstanding.  Place has a great feel, staff were all very fun and personable.  I will come back to this place next time I am Vegas hands down!. Had the fried gizzards. Everything is fried to order while you wait. Friendly staff and tasty food. Limited seating for waiting and not eating, so really just a takeout or eat in your car place.. Fancy, tasty burgers and sides and drinks! What more can you ask for? 

Def a place to grab lunch before the long trek back to LA.

Though the Foie burger could do without the unagi. Though I normally LOVE unagi, it did nothing to the sandwich beside made me more stuffed and cost me more money.. This is a beautiful complex! Office manager and staff are great and respond to issues and questions quickly and accordingly. We have an apartment overlooking the pool, and yes the pool looks just like the pictures online.. Very clean and very comfortable theater, non-matinee movies are $8.50 and the concession stand (if you must) is the usual highway robbery. The "stadium-style" seats are well cushioned and they aren't crushed together and the stairs are not steep at all..

Plenty of good food within walking distance - Salsa's, Saffron, Wild Wing Cafe and a burger joint called "Eat Here Now".

Parking is plentiful and more is coming with a deck nearly complete. It's reasonably well lit and I understand there is private security during the weekend evenings.

It can be a little difficult to find since the whole neighborhood is new and your GPS might not have it. From Tryon Blvd, go south from I-485. It is the very next traffic light. Turn left.. Absolutely the best place for Authentic German Food any where on the planet!! (Ok, Germany my be an equal.) If you live within 200 miles you need to walk here and just get in here and eat!!

Cafe Berlin is the epic German food stop!!. Excellent service and great tasty food. Not too many restaurants are able to make their food with the degree of hottest that I demand. However, this restaurant was able to deliver the food as I requested them to be. It is without question that I will return.. The BEST experience!

Looked all around the net to find a mid-size car for a five day weekend rate.  The best I could find (without using Priceline, etc), was for $218.  I reserved National for a mid-size, and because of Emerald Aisle (basic status), I was able to choose and drive a Doge minivan that fit my needs perfectly and was SO much roomier. And it was only $203 including all taxes and fees.. Love this pub, I have been coming here for over 15 years now. Great staff and atmosphere, its definately one of my favourites. It just knows what it is a regular old mans pub. 

It has been recently bought over so hopefully a lot of the charm will remain.. In my opinion, this falls in second place on the list of comparable restaurants that I've been to: Chipotle has always been my #1, then Costa Vida, Qdoba, Cafe Rio.  Costa Vida is no competition when it comes to speed, Chipotle wins that hands down.  I got the chicken burrito with black beans.  It was delicious.  I love mango salsa so I got that.  As far as I know none of the other restaurants that I listed offer that but I could be wrong.. This small Costco, located just off the road on the way to the Victoria bridge is a rather small Costco show, so a number of products are not stocked in this store. Some of the regular employees can make this Costco feel very friendly, unfortunately this doesn't seem to the trend with the newer employees, who don't seem to be as friendly. Nicer than the Costco in Marche Centrale, but sometimes you have to go to other Costco stores for the items that aren't regularly stocked here.

The gas station is effective, but as with all Costco gas stations, it's the drivers that can't seem to make things flow correctly.. It's been 18 or so years since i've been here for their Grand Opening and returned this past Friday night to a crowded restaurant filled w/ plenty of fun people.

Loud Live Caribbean music adjacent to the Full Bar, made it a bit challenging to share "remember when" conversations w/ a 70+ year young friend.

But we still accomplished good talks during the 3 hours we were there, and enjoyed the great tastes of cold 20 ounce Guinness draft beers, served by an attractive friendly 6'4" UNLV basketball player/Bartender named Aley. 

Next time...must indulge in their Coconut Shrimp and some of their Fresh Fish delicacies!

YELP 250 CHALLENGE 2015: #219. We stopped in early on a Saturday morning, 11-ish, both of our younger kids in tow.  The weather was  very nice so we decided to dine on the patio.  The atmosphere on the patio was pleasant, and we had great service, even sitting outside.  

Our server was friendly and very helpful.  The food came in a timely manner, and was quite tasty.  I ordered the IPA-battered fish and chips to accompany the double chocolate porter from Four Peaks brewery...neither the beer or the food were disappointing.  I often order fish and chips at similar establishments, and I have to say the plate was on the high end of the scale here, I'd definitely recommend it.

I can't speak for the nightlife here, nor the dining experience inside, though I did go in  to have a look around.  The bar and dining area seemed spacious, there are lots of long tables in addition to two-seat tables and larger booths.  It was dark, as you would expect from a traditional pub, and I imagine when the weather here in the valley is hot, this place would make a nice oasis.

Our overall experience here was great, we definitely plan to return.  I would recommend this place to others, and would suggest if you are going to bring kids, sit outside.  The price was good too.  For one of the more higher end eating/drinking establishments at Tempe Marketplace it was very reasonably priced.

Oh yes, and with 53 beers on tap...many from local brewers, I would definitely recommend this place to fellow beer enthusiasts!. Quality sandwiches and great soups at a reasonable price.  Their bread is excellent as are their soups.  Sometimes the sandwich making could be a bit better put together instead of sloppily thrown on bread.  Usually their service is good but occasionally it can be a touch slow while ordering.  Their menu and their combo options might be confusing to some, especially if you are new.  We visit somewhat regularly, mainly on weekends when kids eat free.  It is a local place with four locations in the valley.  My family enjoys it enough that we will continue going here and we recommend this place.. Nothing else compares to how great this place is. They literally fixed my screen in 20 minutes and it was for a great price. Definitely would recommend!. I always eat here when I come to Vegas. Service is fast and friendly, food is awesome!! What else can I say..... Absolutely one of the best places for a cup of coffee. Scratch that. It's amazing for the coffee, snacks, meals, and of course the atmosphere. I'm not a hipster. Many of those who are deny being hipster as well. It's not hip. But Lux is a hipster hangout to be sure. 

Why? Because the staff are friendly, the food is of the best homemade quality you can find, and the drinks are very well crafted. The coffee roast and grind are perfect. We ship bags to our daughter living in the UK, where the shipping cost double the bag. It's that worth it. 

The pastries and small plates are amazing. The Whoopie Pie is incredible. The breakfasts are filling and VERY well put together. I favor the biscuits and gravy with eggs....amazing. Overall the place can't be beat for a 2-3 hour stay. Get there early.. This is the best pizza in Vegas. The cheese is so fresh tasting. The sauce is light and perfect. The garlic cheese bread was like heaven in my mouth. The meatballs are better than ones I've had at very expensive Italian Restaurants. Large selection of beer. This place rules.. Love this place. Always have a good time. However, the music is a little too loud so it's hard to talk to your friends or even the poor waiter. Drinks are always on point and mixologists are very entertaining at the bar. I love that they always keep updating their menu so there's always something new. I'm not sure what it is about this place that I love so much. I have been eating here for probably 10 years now, and it NEVER disappoints. Its not fancy, its not unique, its not some fantastic restaurant, its a chinese takeout place. But it is delicious! Everything I have ever ordered is good. The general tsos, the chicken with broccoli, the beef with broccoli, the sweet n sour, the teriyaki, etc. etc. But the real treats are the egg rolls and the wonton soup. Their lunch specials are all six or seven bucks and are more than enough food for a big guy like myself. It is also always ready in 10-15 minutes.

Affordable, fast, and delicious.. After receiving a call the day ahead about my appt I had high hopes for pearl vision. We arrived there at exactly 3:45 pm which frustrated me because I'm always early to everything. Of course I am rolling with 6 kids. It's just a ridiculous idea to take any more than 2 kids to any kind of Dr appt.anyhow as I said I arrive at the exact appt time and of course my girlfriend didn't do the regestration online like she was supposed to. We have myself and 3 children for appts today, of course the paperwork will take an hour to fill out. At this point I notice the store a little bit. Very clean and super busy. And very organized.  However I like the fact that they seem to have ample employees to handle all the business as most medical offices never account for that.   I counted 5 techs on staff for a Friday. As my children begin their typical search and destroy in a business atmosphere I notice my youngest boy running around the office like it's a track meet. Just as my blood pressure is starting to rise I see to my delight that niki is calling me back for my appt To my suprise.  even though we had a mountain of paper work to do,  pearl vision got us in no later than 5 min after appt time.  You will never find that in a medical dr Setting.  Anyhow I go back with my daughter and niki begins to check me in. She is very nice and courteous in a eye dr office kinda way.  She compliments my children even though I know they are acting like monkeys.  People love when you talk of their children so I am no different as I'm a good daddy. She ran me through all the test to get me ready to see the dr. The offices are nice and very clean. Dr kim comes in,  professional,  nice,  very knowledgeable,  and drop dead gorgeous (has nothing to do with her eye skills,  just a bonus perk of coming to pearl vision). She asks me all the right questions and was very patient with my questions. She did the exam and was extremely thorough in her diagnosis of my eyes.  Took extra time to explain to me her findings and recommendations.  Plus,  she had great breath. You would be supprised how many Dr's breath is horrid when they have to be so close to their patients.  I'll return just for that reason. After the dr saw the rest of my children she handed is of to daveena. Poor thing had crazy allergies but was continuing to do her job and make is feel as warm as possible. She found me a good pair of glasses in about 5 min. Not pushy either, just vertu quick at her job. Sat us down and began to go over options.  Again very thorough about our options and prices. With in 10 min I had my glasses selected and options picked.  My kids that was a different story that mom dealt with even though she had 2 sets of glasses made within the hr for my daughter's.  I figured decent pricing as we received 5 pairs of glasses with all the trimmings for $600 dollars.  I will be receiving my glasses on the 16th. I can't really see what people are complaining about as my experience was wonderful as the dr and staff were super friendly.  Daveena had us cracking up as someone in her position should.  I will continue to use this location for as long as I live in vegas as good customer service is hard to find.  Now if I could just get dr kim to give me my glasses when I pick them up ;). This is a small restaurant, but the food there serve is actually very good, far better than what i thought i would get.  The plus side is that it's an actual Restuarant not one is the chain things they have in abundance or here. And what that means is that the food is all made to order and nor just heated up. 
The prices are fair and service is always fast, while the service is not exactly memorable or is still friendly, and overall pretty good. It's not too far from home so for me that's a plus. There's only a small handful of restaurants that are close to me, and this is one of maybe three thati go to on a regular basis.   The rest are not really worth mentioning much less actually go to.  It is with checking out though. They really are serving the best pizza in town, all of their portions are generous to say at the least. The wings are giant and crispy, the pizza dough is sweet and delectable. My favorite item would have to be the Italian sub, way more meat and cheese than you'll find on any subway sandwich. It's also a Pittsburgh family owned pizzeria and you can tell they use genuine fresh food. Won't ever stop coming here absolutely love it.. I must preface this review with the fact that I am a high school social studies teacher in Pennsylvania and I teach much of the information covered in the Levine Museum's main collection on a yearly basis. As a result, I found the information completely interesting and engaging. 

First, the main collection covers the history of Charlotte and the Southern United States from the reconstruction period following the Civil War to today. The entire exhibit is very interactive and built around various scenes that make the visitors feel like they are actually in each successive era. The historical content featured in this exhibit is informative in a manner that ensures that the info being covered provides individuals with enough information to gain a working perspective of the issues that truly mattered during these eras. In addition to the traditional museum content there are a large amount of audio, video, and additional interactive information that the guests can control that their own leisure. As an outsider, this museum allowed me to gain a more complete picture of life in the South and how the city of Charlotte has transformed itself into an economic and banking hub during the last 130 years. 

For me, this should be a stop for most people visiting and or living in the area since it really provides a unique outlook at the history of the South while providing some basic information in an enjoyable manner that would allow individuals to be more understanding of the world around them.. I think this place is a great lunch spot. Ive been here many times and continue to rave about it to others. Everything on the menu is great, the service is friendly and for the price its a great value. The place has great food and its clean. Most gryo/hotdog joints have great food, but are filthy inside ie. Chicago Hamburger Company. I reccomend the gyro, which is the best in town, and the Chicago dog is wonderful as well. I love the crinkle cut fries and the greek salad is delicious. Wow i think i might head over there after im done typing. So glad this place is down the street from my office.. While the service is average, the amount of food they give you for the money is hard to beat.. Quite fresh.. Upon arrival I walked right up to the desk for check in there was no wait and the lobby was pretty much empty. Check in was going great until the guy handed me my key and told me my room number 615. At first I didn't realize what he said so I asked again and he said 615. I asked him how is 615 a high floor when the building has 58 floors. He replied that the other floors where for owners and the other floors were going thru renovations. I once again asked him if there were any other floors higher than the 6th he said no. I also brought up the reservations that I called in and the email that I received after the phone call showing the rooms I had reserved. My reservation showed that I would have a fountain view and a poolside view he replied back that I could not reserve specific rooms without being an owner I was only allowed to get what they had when I showed up. But after a 20 min wait so the clerk could talk with the manager I was given a two bed room suite (The exact same room I requested). Once I got up to the room I forgot about everything that went on downstairs the view was so nice from the 51st floor we were glued to the windows in the elevator lobby. We haven't even gotten to the room views yet. The rooms overlooked the mountains, the pool, The MGM, Luxor, Excalibur, MGM Signature, and the Mirage. At night the view was awesome from the bed even the toilet had a nice view. There was a full sized kitchen along with a full sized dinning table a projector and flat screen tvs in every room even the bathrooms had flat screens. The master bedroom had a walk in shower with a seat also a full sized whirlpool tub. The bed slept nicely and house keeping came by everyday for service to bring new towels and to vacuum and wash the few dishes that we did make. All in all I will be staying here again and hopefully next time I'll have a faster check in and won't get a cold.. My wife bought her new sprint cell from Doug at this Costco.  Doug was so helpful and we got the best deal in town from Costco.  Great Job Costco.. Did an awesome job - found the issue and was able to cap off the line that had the leak.  He saved me thousands of what another company would have charged.

Highly recommended!  Very honest and easy to work with.

Thanks!!. I like the concept and I would choose this place  over I-Hop, but I'm not sure if it's worth the trip. 
I've been wanting to try this place and woke up late this morning, so I hopped in my car and drove all the way to North Phoenix.
Scramble is a  quick-serve breakfast place  where you order at the counter, find a table and wait for a server to bring your food (similar to SAUCE). 


The decor is modern, spacious and funky and the place  seems very clean.
I noticed that the employees were constantly wiping down counters and tables which is good. 
On the food, I ordered the vegetarian omelette with sourdough toast and roasted potatoes. 
Although it was good, I think I should have stayed at home and made my own breakfast. 

Just seems odd for a vegetarian omelette to have so few vegetables. It looked more like scrambled eggs sprinkled with chopped herbs. 

Other than that, it was good. I give them extra star for supporting local businesses, cleanliness and hosting charity events.. Great service with no run around. Mike the technician is a pro and cares about his work. They came out gave a free estimate and delivered on the work. They went above and beyond when replacing my patio door glass. I highly reccomend.. Exclusively Men's is the best barbershop in Scottsdale - period.

Sam is fantastic and a real craftsman when it comes to haircuts and shaving.  The haircuts are first class and reasonably priced.  However, to really enjoy the full barbershop experience at Exclusively Men's, you should get a shave, preferably the Royal Shave.  It is fantastic and about as relaxing as it gets.

I would highly recommend Exclusively Men's if you are new to Scottsdale or looking for a new place to get a haircut/shave - it is the best.. I went here Sunday afternoon w/ some friends. They seemed pretty busy for only being open a couple days. My group started with the queso dip appetizer. The dip had a very delicious cheese flavor, the tortilla chips were crunchy and fresh.

While waiting for the appetizer we ordered some flights of beer. They were out of flight glasses so they ended up pouring 3 pints for the price of a flight for my friend and I ended up just getting a pint, no complaints there. The beer selection was quite nice as to be expected for a spin off of Boulders on Broadway.

Being brand new, I expected some kinks needing to be worked out and there were a few. I got the grilled cheese for my meal, excellent sandwich but I had to send the fries back because they were barely cooked. They made up for it by quickly replacing them with extra crispy sweet potato fries. Next mishap? Charging for the 2nd flight we never got. They quickly corrected the problem and went beyond redemption by 1) buying me my pint and 2) giving me a coupon for a free pint next time I stop by. Minor annoyances and they are clearly moving in the right direction. 

The food prices seem to be in line with a neighborhood grill. The beer prices seem a bit cheaper than you'd find at most places (especially for craft beer, $3.50 drafts for happy hour? hell yea). Finally, a craft beer spot in my neighborhood within walking distance. I'll be going back for sure.. I've been a patient for 5 years and Dr Hirst and his staff have been fantastic. With my occupation, my back and neck wouldn't be the same without seeing AZ Chiropratic!. Likely the best club sandwich I've ever had -- real roasted turkey, balanced well with crispy bacon and lightly toasted bread. 

The restaurant is small, so a line at the door is normal, but the turn-around at the tables is quick, so you can expect to be seated relatively quickly. 

Service is very good: fast as amiable.. This place is solid.  Great carne asada, but stay away from the burritos.  This place leans towards the authentic, and burritos aren't actually all that authentic.  A torta or tacos will do you much, much better - especially the tortas, which aren't stacked ridiculously high with cheap meat like most of the tortas in town.. A little out of the way, but if you're looking for a pub like atmosphere, this is your place!

All the employees have Irish accents (at least the ones I spoke to). For some reason, this is an attraction in itself. Perhaps it gives it a sense of authenticity, perhaps I've always fantasized about going to Ireland and meeting a red head, or perhaps it makes me feel they are alcohol experts by default, but no matter what the reason, I loved the accents.

CAUTION: Do not order the whiskey sampler for breakfast!!! The thing is described as three shots of various whiskeys for 8 dollars. I assumed since it was only 8 dollars, the shots must be 1/3 to 1/2 of a full shot. They were pretty much full shots. On top of this, I also ordered a Bushmills Honey shot, which was delicious. 

4 shots for breakfast later, I ordered 2 pints of "something red." I regret that I do not know the name of this beer, but it was also delicious. It was the beer on tap on the far left side of the bar that's closest to the bathroom at the time of writing.. Hands down the best pizza in Vegas- and it's probably not close. It breaks the mold of gangster inspired stuffy pizza joints (prevalent in Vegas) where the Godfather soundtrack plays on repeat all day and every pizza comes with 35lbs of cheese on it. 

I had not been to Pizza rock before last night. I had been to Tony's in SF (another location with the same owner) so I knew how good it was going to be but somehow just never got around to it- shameful I know. It is located downtown just outside of the ruckus. It is across the street from the Grand hotel and casino and you can valet park there to attend the restaurant.

We made a reservation but it didn't look like it was necessary for a Sunday night. As we were being lead to our table it took every bit of restraint I could muster to not snatch slices off the many delicious looking pizzas we walked by. The decor is very Orange County Chopper-esque and the music is a lot of rock from the 90's which is good for the newly over 30 and old crowd. Also when I checked in on Yelp I got a 15% of coupon so make sure you do that. 

The Food

We got two pizzas since we couldn't decide. We had gotten the meatball appetizer in SF and it was great but we decided to skip it and try for dessert. 

Cal Italia- this was the pizza we had in SF and it has haunted us ever since. It is a white style pizza with prosciutto and fig preserves, sprinkled with balsamic vinegar. It sounds pretty weird I know but it is INSANELY good.  The Pizza Rock version did not disappoint. 

The Ogden- this had olive, goat cheese, and sausage on a white pizza. I know what you are thinking "two white pizzas?"- and yes we went there. This was not quite as good as the Cal Italia- but still good. It could of been improved by adding some more goat cheese- some of the pieces had quite a bit, others almost none.

Chicken Parm- I didn't get this unfortunately- someone at the table next to me did. It looked so good I strongly considered cracking his skull open like a coconut and taking it before going on the lamb. 

They have so many other unique flavors of pizza I will definitely be going back in order to try as many as possible. 

Mud Pie- I saw someone else get this dessert and had to get it. It comes with some awesome flavored whip cream (grand marnier?) that is sort of orange tasting- highly recommend.. I AM NOT a Beatles fan, so I couldn't really appreciate the music like other people in my party.  And if you ever watched a Cirque show then you know music is an important part of the show.  

With that being said, I still enjoyed the show regardless of the music.  Why?  The costumes were very amazing as well as all the special effects.  Things and people were coming from underground, the air, the sides, and my favorite part was when one of the special effects extended out to the audience.. don't one to give that one away though. 

I thought the ending could've been better, but overall the entire show was near-perfect.. XS is without question the best club in Vegas. I have been there repeatedly with the last time being over new year and every time I go, its always a lot of fun! 

What I think XS has over other clubs is:
* Reputation - XS has a reputation of being fun and crazy. I think that it draws those crazies looking to party hard.
* Best DJs - The flip side is that because of their reputation, XS attracts the best DJ period. I have heard several awesome DJs here and they change it up frequently. As many times as I have been here, we have yet to have a repeat.
* Location - I think being in the Wynn with the other top clubs (Tryst and Surrender) in Vegas helps out a lot. Wynn and Encore even though by day seems like hotels for old people... by night, it nothing but clubbing d-bag and young hotties.
* Layout of the club - the layout of this place is perfect. Dance floor in the center with tables and little places to chill extending outward in repeating half circles. Bars on the outer circle to get drinks.
* Club Goers - I have already mentioned it, but the girls that come to XS are usually on different level than other clubs. The chicks are dressed to impress and way hotter.

The only drawback to XS is there aren't enough bars or places to get a drink in my opinion. They only have 2 main ones in the back on opposite ends. Just a minor gripe. Nothing tops XS and I will definitely be coming back in my future trips to Vegas.. Had the grilled chicken wings and they were awesome! Great beer selection and friendly staff.. I've been back 5x since coming here since this review.  I can't say anything bad about this place.  The girls are friendly, on top of their game, and make the dining experience very pleasant.  Very interactive and make you feel very welcomed.  
I asked them to turn on a game on one of the tv's closest to my table.  No problem at all!  I ask them for a condiment or extra of something.  No problem at all.  The half off apps and beer is just an amazing deal.  I tip extra for their service.  Highly recommended!   GO!  Thank me later!. From the outside, it would be easy to dismiss this place.    If you did that, you would be missing a treat.  The food in this diner is very good and very inexpensive.  The wait staff are friendly and helpful. In addition, this restaurant is pleasantly  decorated in an Americana motif. So I recommend you give it a try;  I think you will enjoy it if you like good inexpensive diner food.. Best. Donuts. EVER! Too bad I moved, but when I lived in Henderson, I was addicted to these donuts! The apple fritter and buttermilk were my regulars. It was hard to try anything else cause those things were so damn good! The people behind the counter are always very friendly.

Seriously, the best donut shop ever.

Super cheap too!!. Went here a few times to get a fresh cut. Never let me down, the prices are definitely worth it. Being originally from NY it is hard to find a good Barber Shop.. Ordered the Pork Souvlaki and Greek Fries and was not disappointed. Big thick chunks of pork with tons of fresh vegetables wrapped in an above average pita. The Greek Fries were very good, covered in seasoning and feta, but a little over soaked in whatever salad dressing was poured on them. All in all a good meal that was a bit more on the healthy side, though it was priced as a healthy option.. Not sure why this place doesn't have a better review. 5 stars with me. The pho here is very clean, soup clean, portions good, sandwiches good, employees friendly. The pho was not oily and tasted really good. 

Imo, way better than other local pho places that are known to be famous because their 24/7. Other places overprice, with small portions, and their soup straight up is oily and msg because i get thirty. 

Kinh Do underrated and definitely deserve a try guys.. Absolutely perfect. Free wifi great coffee and great atmosphere.. This is real Chicago style pizza.  Maybe not quite as good as Giordano's, but pretty darn close and better than you're likely to find around here.  If you're lucky enough to be within the delivery zone, this is the place to get your pizza.. The best meal that we had in town.  Call it four and a half.  

The was a jazz quartet wrapping up just as we were led out to their patio for dinner.  The setting is very sleek and hip and the patio was like some kind of lounge you might see in Miami.  The cuisine is French and it was all great.  We started with the Two way tuna Sashimi on algae salad, unilateral paned tuna, mango and Espelette pepper salsa, Yuzu emulsion.  Very good and fresh tuna.  For our entrees my wife had the Blue Marlin, rice lettuce sauce, sweet potatoes and sundried tomatoes purée, paprika piperade, artichoke and daikon crushed.  She loved it.  I had the good and bloody Venison Boston, cipollini and Banyuls vinegar sauce, Guinness cheddar potato purée, Kenya beans sautéed, tomatoes and chipotle compote.  Yeah, it was fantastic.  And did you see that?  Guinness.  Cheddar.  Potato. Puree.  I rarely notice anything but Venison when I have it.  But, that was just brilliant!  We had to wrap with a sweet and had the Nut cake, cherry compote, and coconut cloud.  

Our service was good and the food was great.  It just about took my mind off of the chain smoking Frenchies that were rightontopofus and upwind.  Just about.  Thanks for that extra helping of emphysema to go along with my meal.. Apparently this place has been open about 3 months...but it's pretty much my new favorite.  They're still fine tuning as far as the location setup goes, but the service was impeccable.  The patio was empty, but they set up a table outside to cater to my girl's desire to bake in the AZ heat.  We had a couple cucumber outside rolls, the caliente, and the special was an apple and salmon roll, I think.  Nobody else is doing apple, so they got some extra points right off the bat.  The caliente was probably my favorite, though I really like the cucumber rolls as well.(a few places will do this on request, but they have it as a menu item)  Also, they weren't skimpy with the fishies.  There were larger portions of fish than you get at a lot of places around town.  So the food was good, but the feather in their cap is the owner.  She's ridiculously friendly and welcoming.  I want this place to do well 'cuz I'd rather give my chump change to a great mom and pop, than a franchise like RA.  Not that you'd never catch me at RA; I just like to support the small (deserving) owners when possible.. This is definitely a solid Asian fusion place!  They have very good sushi rolls and sashimi.  They also make a great variety of Asian food from Chinese, Thai, and Japanese style food.  When I go I usually get their sushi rolls:

I love their:
-Spicy tuna and salmon roll
-Scallop roll and yellow tail roll
-Tempura roll: Shrimp tempura at its best inside a tastey roll!

I have also tired their dishes.  Here are some must tries:
-Seasme chicken and beef! 
-Kung Pow Chicken (a bit spicy)
-Mango chicken (I love their awesome mango sauce)

The workers and wait staff here are very nice and quick to serve you!  I will be here very frequently.  Enjoy!. You can always find this place in a mall or outlet location.  I love the cookies and caramel apples.  There are so many selections, its a bit overwhelming, but all delicious.  When strawberries are in season, try the chocolate covered strawberries, its always good!!!. 1st official review of a Montreal Restaurant!! usually i do them when i go on vacation!!

and Nora deserves it. almost a 5 star rating, but came close

1st of all, i love the place it has a 60's-70's basement look and vibe (music in the place was good, but some might complain about it) and the staff too is a bit old fashioned!!

food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G (except for the large pasta portion, that was too small for my liking and priced a bit high) but those meatballs... and that piglet was HUGE and delicious. also had a good (not great) rabbit. the wine selection was pretty neat but i think the prices were a tad high considering that only 3-4 wines were under 40$ (i like to have a «cheaper» bottle a the end mostly when i took 2 that were over 60$). one last small complaint... a 5$ lattè... really? hey, i love to spend money on food and boos but those small things really bother me

i had read some reviews about noise and slow service, but on that night it was PERFECT (we had the 2nd seating around 9pm)

would love to go back with a group of friends, but the place is quite smallish (i would recommend 4 to 6 people to really enjoy the place)

and my GF wants to add that Hal Gill was there and he's soooooooooooo cute!

Forza Nora. This is our place to go for cheesesteaks. We get the large chicken with grilled onions and peppers, fry, drink, and add an extra drink. It's a lot of food and doesn't kill the wallet. We get the sandwich with fry sauce on it. Soo tasty. Always clean when we go in and the staff is friendly. My only complaint would be they need more locations!. Great service but store has little seating. Use a different Starbucks if you want to hang out and do homework. Loud and noisy because it's in a grocery store. One of the top Pizza places around! Awesome thin crust pizzas, the cheese is amazing, so if the pizza tastes bad it's only because of the toppings you've selected. One of my favorite lunch spots in Tempe!. Isn't it Always true about the hole in the wall places ..they always serve the best food..best tacos I ever had.. Don't miss the lengua, spicy pork ( order both corn and flour ) , the free side of onion and pepper (its hot)is great...2 people 6 tacos and a drink for $20. Unbelievable !. Great pizza, fantastic tomato sauce.  Margherita pizza was very tasty.. We love sushi and for AYCE Umiya is the best.  They have a great selection of specialty rolls, fresh fish and a large number of appetizers.  The service is always fast and friendly.

BTW the restaurant is pretty large and so it can accommodate a lot of people, not like other AYCE places that have a small dining areas and make you wait in line for hours.. Great place awesome food. 
Jane and Mavis are the best servers. 
Dimitri the owner is a great guy and always makes sure you are cared for.. I was surprised by all the mediocre reviews here. I've always thought the food was excellent.

The service is nothing to write home about, and even with a reservation I've ended up waiting 10 or 15 minutes.. The Brûlée burger is the best burger I've had in a while. Two patties, bacon, havarti, sweet onions and a brioche bun that's sweet and crunchy from the cooked sugar... Fantastic. Will be back to try others.. This park makes me want to be a skater. There's just so many wide open sidewalks that go on for several hundred feet.

This park is rather large. There are so many grassy fields I could use with my friends for a pickup game of flag football or soccer. My only problem is that many of them are not so level, which can take a bit away from your fun. 

Regardless, if you're into any sort of hobby that merely requires lots of open space, I totally recommend this. There's ample parking on at least two sides of this recreational facility, and it's pretty new, so all the equipment is nice. I'm yet to see many people here, really, which means I can go for a nice jog in peace. I hope my review doesn't lead to Dust Devil getting overcrowded! :-x. Ate here on an improvised date night. The location is great the ambiance was great. The menu is quite impressive and the food was great. I had the crepelet and loved it. The ingredients are quality and it made for a great light meal. My wife ordered a Caprice and while ordering had a pregnant craving and added ham. Upon receiving her meal she immediately wished she hadn't added ham(pregnancy messing with her) the owners noticing that she wasn't completely happy immediately offered to take it back and remade her order even though neither of us had asked for that. Both owners (Husband & wife) were very friendly and were very happy to engage in a conversation. We loved Crepe Expectations and will be back.

Oops. I guess I didnt save this. A year and a half later the place is under new ownership. The new owners are also very nice. Food is still great and fresh. The Frisco could use more curd but all in all it is all great!. Neon sign displaying Boba caught my eye when I pulled up. I ordered three donuts which were nice and fresh. They have the usual variety of Boba flavors but decided to try the strawberry mango and I hate strawberry flavor. The cold drink is nice for a summer day and blended smoothly. Highly recommend if you never heard of Boba and have an open mind. Go support the local business and and enjoy a great donut.. I thought I would hope on here and give a good review for Queen City Limo.  

I travel a lot for work.  I am in Sales. I had to visit Charlotte for some training for 2 days. A couple guys and I in the training have gone to a couple training's together. We thought it would be nice to see the downtown Charlotte and have a nice dinner then hit some bars. I do not really like using a Taxi company when I travel. I want to see the best of the town I am in. So I reserved a limo from Queen City Limo.   They showed up 10 minutes prior to the selected time. We asked what the best steak house was. And the driver took us. What I really like about using a limo is they can often get you around the wait. We waited about 5 minutes to be seated. Had a great steak dinner. The asked for the driver to take us to the bar. We didn't want anything to crazy. He took us to some Jazz bar. We had a few drinks. The chauffeur waited inside so he could keep his eyes on us. Basically making sure we didn't need anything.  

Overall it was a really nice treat and the service provided by Queen City Limo was more than expected.. Had a very nice lunch.  The food was very yummy and the service made me want to return the next day.  The waitstaff was very attentive and chatty. The food was fresh and very well done. The decor reminded me of one of those cute places in Berkeley or Napa.. Such a treat! Tons of flavors to chose from and it's pretty inexpensive. Definitely worth stopping in.. I was here with my girl. I found out this place on yelp.
Saw the pictures of the foods pretty good. We got here.. there was a short wait. Service was nice and food was great. We very enjoyed it.. Best pizza in town. That's a tough title to earn with Jimmy and Joes right down the street.. Cuban bread!  And it's good. 

Cuban crackers (home made---no more shipping from Miami)!  Ahhhhh....

Pastelito de guayaba (guava) is good. 

Pastelito de carne (meat) is okay. 

Cuban Soul food.  I'm happy.  

AND the cafecito is excellent. Have an espresso here (made with sugar, and please have it this way -- no Splenda, no fake shit!) for $1.50 and see what Cuban cafe is all about.  

Cubans, we have coffee, sugar, rum and cigars. Use them all to excess and you'll be fricken happy.. Meat, mo meat, all kindz of meat.. This place is meat heaven i just dont understand why they have a salad bar but thays just me...polenta is killer , fried banana is excellent and the cheese bread,.. Addictive.. Ribeye, wow... I took my friend here ( hes a meat guy) he dubbed it "best meal ever"... Pork ribs are awesome too.. I literally got drunk from eating meat here( real talk) $52 not bad at all for dinner in Las Vegas..two tips ,: take metamucil or something and maybe a lipitor.. Dontbworry itll be worth it.... This place is always a hit. Even when you don't know what you want, they will help you decide. The baristas always have great recommendations. Often times I tell them what I am in the mood for, often times I let them know I love Nutella, and they give me suggestions. They also will make just about anything on the menu and mix it up for ya! This past time they mixed up a mocha freezeacino with nutella. Pretty darn good, tasted less watered down than sbux.

I have gotten a S'mores coffee (not that great) but you know what? Its the thought that counts, what other coffee shop has a drive thru, local bakery items, friendly and helpful baristas that dont rush you in ordering, and unique drink ideas? HMM 32 Shea does. 

Come here, check out the variety, and the local flavors. You wont be upset that you did.

Located over on the Northwest Plaza on Shea and 32nd just past the 51 freeway. Go there. Tomorrow morning... FedEx has always delivered. I use frequently and highly trust. I can spot the amateurs who are trying to ship. Yes, the clerk does need the correct address, someone does have to read your handwriting. For the pros, we can use on-line and print out forms. I normally try to drop off in the early morning or early afternoon. They close at 6 and the lines are long. They have a plane on the runway at 7, so if you are procrastinator and think you can get in at 6:15, you are out of luck. I don't want you to delay my package, so get your act together.  Also, save some money and pack it yourself. Don't think UPS is any better, both FedEx and UPS use high speed belts, so get bubble wrap and pack it good.. Get the jalapeno cheddar grits. You will NOT be disappointed. Tasty food. Little on pricey side but it's Scottsdale.. Can't say enough good about Catel's coffee. Expertly roasted and perfectly prepared. The place is a bit packed, but that's to be expected with the flavors coming out of that roaster. So far the best coffee I have ever had in AZ! There's some pretty close but so far Cartel takes the cake.. This is a gem of the place if you're like me and you hate going to begas for business.  

A very short cab ride from the strip, away from the glitz and over produced everything in a little mall is a pack sushi place with an all you can eat menu (don't order too much, it'll cost extra) 

In short, this place is excellent.  The fact that it is very affordable with a wonderful selection is just an added bonus.  We'd been tipped off to this place by a cab driver and that was the best thing about my week long stay.. Went to Players sports bar for lunch after following yelpers suggestions, and o my goosh! What an awesome, jucy ,large and flavor full burger! Just try and not get it all over yourself. We had a player ho burger and a bacon cheeseburger with cheese curds and l can't say I have had a better burger. The bartender and cook were friendly and in control. I will definitely be back for more.. Ce Steak frites est l'original et selon moi le meilleur de la franchise. Il fût complètement rénové, il est plusieurs fois plus grand. Ainsi il est conforme avec le reste de la bannière. Malheureusement, cela lui fait perdre un peu de son cachet, les salles étant beaucoup plus grandes. Si vous faites la demande, vous pouvez encore prendre place dans la salle originale. Par contre pour les groupes, de toutes tailles, c'est maintenant l'endroit parfait. 

Comme le nom l'indique bien c'est un restaurant pour le steak frites. Le meilleur rapport qualité-prix en ville pour ce type de gastronomie et de beaucoup meilleur que les grandes chaînes. Les portions sont généreuses et raisonnables, en plus les frites sont à volonté!!  Si le steak n'est pas pour vous, l'on vous offre salades, poissons et fruits de mer. 

Petit conseil, si vous prenez le steak, la sauce aux champions est simplement sublime. Il y a aussi une petite salade qui est servie avant l'assiette principale. 

Le décore de style bistro français avec menu à l'ardoise, lui confère une atmosphère chaleureuse et accueillante. 

Depuis maintenant plusieurs années c'est apporté votre vin. Si vous l'oubliez à quelques pas vers l'ouest sur Saint-Paul l'Aviron Super Dépanneur (http://fr.yelp.ca/biz/aviron-super-depanneur-montreal) qui peux vous sauver. Il y a une section SAQ Alimentation. Ce n'est pas l'idéal, mais c'est mieux que de l'eau.. SUper knowledgeable and friendly staff will make you feel at home. Teaching a 6 month old to swim can be a bit daunting at times because you don't want to hurt them or scare them, but they are there to support you through it. 

Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!. I'm definitley a fan of "Mert's Heart & Soul"  I had the pleasure of dining here for brunch this past Saturday.  The moment I walked through the door I knew I was in for a treat.  

We were waited on by Gerilynn and she was excellent.  She was able to answer all of our questions about the menu choices. She made suggestions the saved us money and elevated our experience. I orderd eggs, toast, grits, pork chop and city ham.  It's a simple order but it was prepared perfectly. 

The decor is so fitting for a soul food restaurant.  There is so much to see and hear, every old school soul/R&B hit makes you want to get up and dance.  I could sit at the counter listen to the music, and drink coffee every morning If I lived near Mert's.. I needed a new roof after the hail storm of 2010 and a coworker referred  Brown Roofing so I had Craig come give me an estimate..he was my third estimate and his estimate came in under the other 2 with more options(adding ridge vents and extra venting).  

I decided to go with his company and I couldn't have been more satisfied.  They did a beautiful job and did it very fast. They changed lots of rotten wood and fascia boards and everything was cleaned up after each day. It was a total stress free experience. 

After 3 years since the new roof.. I have had zero problems and I love the way it looks on my home. I've referred Brown Roofing to anyone I know that mentioned they needed a roof. If you need a roof or any repairs don't hesitate to give him a call.. Undoubtedly one of the nicer areas of Vegas, exploring Springs Preserve makes you feel like you are not in Vegas.  

"But why would you want to do that", I hear you ask.  Sometimes, you just need to get away from the casinos, and the oranges, grays and browns of the desert.

It's great for taking a walk in, or getting ideas for your garden.  There are a lot of things to see and look at, and their recent additions are some of the nicest museum-style fare that we have in the city.  The state museum moves here recently, but with all the budget cutbacks, who knows when that section is ever going to open?  It's really sad, as what they have in place looks excellent.  Someone really took the time to figure out what makes for good design, and what would be really visually appealing.

There's also a lot of events that take place throughout the year, giving reason to come back more than once.  They also have a really nice gift shop (too many useful gardening books), and a Wolfgang Puck Cafe.  The staff that I've encountered in all aspects have been nothing but nice and helpful.

Of all the places like this in Vegas, this feels to be one of the most "complete", like it belongs in a big city.  It also does a nice job of catering to both tourists and locals, which is something more places around the city could stand to do.

If you have an afternoon to kill (not one of the batmess hot afternoons, however), this place is worth the visit.  It's pretty to walk around, interesting, and a nice change of pace for someone who wants a little more from their entertainment than what the casinos offer.. I have been eating here for years. Food is really good, managed well and clean.
The portions have been reduced, you will leave full but you won't Have any leftover to take home so you may want to double up. The pictures of their food is not the actual quantity.
Good food but smaller portions.. One of the best burgers in town by far, make sure you get tender belly bacon on it though!  church potatoes are easily the best side, ask for them off the griddle!  and always walk next door to churn and get some ice cream.  great place for kids.  and if you go you must you must order the cheddar fondue with pretzels, they are ridiculous good.. All you can drink beer and wine made this great buffet even greater. I love the salmon salad,  the Korean BBQ short ribs. They were so great.  I will be back!. This place rocks. I have been there twice and the staff is friendly, food is excellent and pricing is great. I will be visiting there often!!!. I ended up here today completely by accident. I was on the way to The Alchemy for a quick lunch when we noticed the sign. After scrambling to figure out if it was open (thank you, Facebook), we decided to head back. We live in the Atwood area and had NO idea this place was coming, let alone already open! I drive or bike by here almost every day and hadn't even noticed the building was being developed into something new. Anyway, I am really excited about a brew pub within walking/biking range of my house, especially since it seems like it is going to be a good one.

My first impression was that it felt very comfortable. There was a lot of space in the dining room when we walked in and I really liked the more "pub" like feel of this as opposed to some other spots that are doing a very industrial warehouse look. I love that their televisions are enclosed in cabinets with a pulley system to hide them away. From what their website says, they will only have them on during special events and things like that which is nice. The last thing Madison needs is another sports bar. The bar area felt nice, too, though we didn't sit over there.

The menu was pretty interesting. Standard appetizer fare such as cheese curds and fries joined some funky items such as a gourmet corn dog, locally sourced veggie and meat skewers, and sauerkraut sausage balls. We opted for the cheese curds because even if you get bad fried cheese curds, you are still eating a pile of delicious cheese. Verdict? Above average. I felt like they had great flavor but a bit too much breading and my dining partner thought they were good and that the dipping sauce was great. 

For our main courses we went for the Yahara Burger and the Salmon Sandwich. The burger was great - juicy, flavorful, and very fresh tasting. The challah bun from Staltzy's Deli was a great choice. The included fries were OUTSTANDING. They say on the menu that they are hand cut. I assume that means they hand cut them in the shop, and if so that is damn impressive. Fresh fries seem to always be kind of soggy and chewy, but these were crisp and cooked perfectly. I was told the Salmon was good as well and she also really liked the fries. 

Now, onto the important stuff! Beer. We both enjoyed our drinks. I ordered the Les, a tasty and mild ale. Very drinkable. She ordered the Wilbur!, a delicious cream ale. It reminded me of a more flavorful Spotted Cow. We were both very happy with our drinks. I really hope that they avoid the trend of every beer being super hoppy, and from our first visit it seems like they just might. 

Overall I am super pumped about this place and I think they have a real shot of doing well. A menu loaded with just enough standards to keep people comfortable, but some fun twists to get others excited. A nice atmosphere. Good beer. Great location. 

Yep, it's a keeper.. This place has THE BEST carne asada in Phoenix.  I've tied many many other places, even places that say that theirs is the best. But Filibertos never says theirs is the best because the best doesn't have to say it. They have proof. They've hot the carne asada. And they don't fill their burros with rice and beans to fluff their food.  It's all goods. You've gotta pay extra for that stuff.. Had the lobster roll, red mountain roll, and the Philadelphia roll. Pricey but everything tasted great! Would give 5 stars if they had ayce to save me a few bucks.